PRO On August 23, Obama announced that Senator Joe Biden of Delaware would be his running mate. 
PRO On August 22, 2008, Barack Obama announced that Biden would be his running mate [REF]. 
PRO This strongly implies that Biden still served as Vice President alongside Obama in the show and succeeded him briefly after his death. 
PRO It became so prevalent that Vice President Joe Biden released an op-ed in 2015 to combat the issue [REF]. 
PRO In September 2017, Biden's daughter Ashley indicated her belief that Biden was thinking about running in 2020 [REF]. 
PRO Polling from CNN, Fox and CBS found that while Palin exceeded most voters' expectations, they felt that Biden had won the debate [REF]. 
PRO It had been earlier reported by U.S. officials and media that Vice President Joe Biden could emerge as the figure to spearhead U.S.-China relations. 
PRO .. that Joe Biden went door-to-door with Stephanie Hansen to help her win a recent special election to the Delaware Senate? 
PRO He had previously announced that Vice President Joe Biden would remain as his vice presidential running mate in his re-election bid [REF]. 
PRO On August 23, 2008, the Obama campaign announced that Biden would become Barack Obama's running mate [REF]. 
PRO In May 2009, Obama announced that Biden would be in charge of an initiative to raise awareness about the value of community colleges [REF]. 
PRO Dismas|(talk) 23:03, 31 December 2015 (UTC) I vaguely recall that Biden was sworn in before Obama, for example. 
PRO Joe Biden In the first episode of The Last Ship, it is implied that Joe Biden served as President for one week after Barack Obama succumbed to the Red Flu. 
PRO He added that Biden as the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, put him in a unique position to exercise leadership and help chart the way forward. 
PRO The incident showed that Biden still struggled at times with message discipline;[REF] as Time wrote, "everyone knows [that] Biden's greatest strength is also his greatest weakness."[REF] 
PRO It had been speculated that Biden would be offered and accept the position of Secretary of State because of his foreign policy experience and credentials [REF]. 
PRO On August 23, 2008, the Democratic nominee for President, Barack Obama, announced that Biden would be joining him on the ticket as the Vice Presidential nominee [REF]. 
PRO As a part of the Kinnock controversy, it was revealed that Biden had been involved in a similar incident during his first year at Syracuse University School of Law in 1965. 
PRO In January 2006, Delaware newspaper columnist Harry F. Themal wrote that Biden "occupies the sensible center of the Democratic Party."[REF] 
PRO The New York Times noted that Biden's comment "seems to suggest that Mr. Obama is prepared to order - or has already ordered - some kind of covert action" [REF]. 
PRO On May 17, 2009, Newsweeks Eleanor Clift reported that Vice President Joe Biden revealed that there is an underground "9/11" bunker under the house [REF]. 
PRO --Mr.98 (talk) 19:59, 29 December 2010 (UTC) Given the dynamic of the last two years, it doesn't seem implausible that Joe Biden has never been called on in that capacity. 
PRO The Wikipedia investigation found that Biden staffers had removed and modified descriptions of incidents of alleged plagiarism and had recast discussion of a possible Biden 2008 presidential candidacy in a more favorable light [REF]. 
PRO After winning a majority of delegates in the Democratic primaries of 2008, on August 23, leading up to the convention, the campaign announced that Senator Joe Biden of Delaware would be the Vice Presidential nominee [REF]. 
PRO Several polls suggested that Biden had won the debate;[REF][REF] although, many observers were surprised by Palin's speaking abilities and knowledge of John McCain's policies [REF]. 
PRO In a 25 July 2016 letter to Vice President Joe Biden, Arnebeck suggested that Biden's son, former Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden, who died of brain cancer in 2015 after many years of treatment, was assassinated [REF]. 
PRO Jul 6, 2009: It was reported that Joe Biden gave a green light to Israel for a military attack on Iran,[REF] however it was a misunderstanding, no green light was given to attack [REF]. 
PRO In the edition of January 23, 2006 of The News Journal, Delaware's largest daily newspaper, columnist Harry F. Themal reported that Biden "occupies the sensible center of the Democratic Party." 
PRO Though the then-dean of the law school, as well as Biden's former professor, downplayed the incident, they did find that Biden drew "chunks of heavy legal prose directly from" the article in question. 
PRO As long as it is there this is not featured picture quality --T-rex 22:39, 6 October 2008 (UTC) As he already explained, there are two teleprompters very near the stage that Joe Biden used during the speech. 
PRO ] As Iraq fell apart during 2014, renewed attention was paid to the Biden-Gelb Iraqi federalization plan of 2006, with some observers suggesting that Biden had been right all along [REF]. 
PRO Time magazine wrote that Biden often goes too far and that "Along with the familiar Washington mix of neediness and overconfidence, Biden's brain is wired for more than the usual amount of goofiness."[REF] . 
PRO On May 30, 2008, it was reported by The Washington Times that likely Democratic nominee Obama asked Biden to play a "more prominent" and "deeply involved" role in his campaign, with some speculating that Biden was on Obama's shortlist of vice presidential candidates [REF]. 
PRO They had met on a blind date arranged by Biden's brother, although it turned out that Biden had already noticed a photograph of her in an advertisement for a local park in Wilmington, Delaware [REF]. 
PRO This was due to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and other Democratic leaders cutting the vice president out of any direct talks with Congress, feeling that Biden had given too much away during previous negotiations [REF]. 
PRO Political satirist Dave Barry included the following mention of the incident in his summary of major "lowlights" of 2009: .. a Washington couple, Tareq and Michaele Salahi, penetrate heavy security and enter the White House, a feat that Joe Biden has yet to manage. 
PRO In the 30-second ad a voiceover states that Biden has a plan to end the Iraq War, and that "We (America) must end this war in a way that doesn't require us to send their (soldiers) grandchild back." 
PRO FiveThirtyEight characterizes him as a "mainstream Democrat" and notes that his ideology score is very similar to that of Vice President Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO Gravel reiterated many of his past foreign policy points during the debate, and emphasized that Biden, Clinton, Dodd, and Edwards voted for the resolution under which the invasion and occupation of Iraq were undertaken and Edwards co-sponsored it. 
PRO It is clear that Biden and most of the Congressional leadership have pre-ordained a conclusion that seeks to remove Saddam Hussein from power regardless of the facts, and are using these hearings to provide political cover for a massive military attack on Iraq."[REF] . 
PRO Obama and--several months before that-- VP Biden with Pres. 
PRO According to political analyst Mark Halperin, he has shown "a persistent tendency to say silly, offensive, and off-putting things";[REF] The New York Times writes that Biden's "weak filters make him capable of blurting out pretty much anything" [REF]. 
PRO I was using that to show that such items are regular news and that if Biden's rather ordinary announcement were posted it would look slightly ridiculous when other countries are announcing that they're experiencing record high levels of unemployment at the exact same time. 
PRO Several 2018 national polls have shown that former Vice President Joe Biden is Democrats' top choice for the party's 2020 nomination, with Sanders second [REF]. 
PRO Following that, Biden was appointed by Bill Clinton to serve in the United States Department of Commerce[REF] under Secretaries Norman Mineta and William M. Daley. 
PRO Of course, it's true that, yes, I understand that you believe that generic portraits of Biden and Palin provide adaquate information to accompany commentary on their debate. 
PRO Other candidates' comments that "Joe is right" in the Democratic debates were converted into a Biden campaign theme and ad [REF]. 
PRO Traub concludes that "Biden is the kind of fundamentally happy person who can be as generous toward others as he is to himself."[REF] . 
PRO Governor Rendell said that Obama and Biden felt obligated to strongly support Specter because they so strongly lobbied him to switch parties [REF]. 
PRO Note that it's used in the Biden presidential campaign article. 
PRO Although Markell expressed interest, he also said that he would support Joe Biden if he were to run. 
PRO According to an Associated Press report that same evening, Joe Biden was selected as Obama's candidate [REF]. 
PRO Yeah, I assumed that Obama would pick Biden again for VP this year but I just wanted to confirm it. 
PRO Response: Edited both sentences regarding the oath and honors that followed for Obama and Biden. 
PRO Later on that month, Burley was forced to apologise on-air for offending Catholics when she joked that US Vice President Joe Biden, who had ashes on his forehead to mark Ash Wednesday, had a "large bruise" that he had picked up from "walking into a door" [REF]. 
PRO At the time of this announcement, the cancer that would kill Biden in 2015 had been diagnosed but was in remission, although this information was not public at the time. 
PRO I think the fact that the image is in the Joe Biden article makes it perfectly encyclopaedic for that article. 
PRO She had claimed that she beat or tied Joe Biden in two of the state's three counties in their 2008 campaign. 
PRO On August 23, 2008, Democratic Party presidential nominee Barack Obama announced that he had selected Joe Biden to serve as his vice presidential candidate [REF]. 
PRO In February 2006, The Washington Post quoted Biden spokesperson Norm Kurz as saying that the changes that were "made to Biden's site by this office were designed to make it more fair and accurate."[REF] . 
PRO Just hours later, the Associated Press broke the news that Democratic Party officials had confided that Obama had in fact selected Biden as the vice-presidential nominee [REF]. 
PRO Connaughton was so impressed by Biden that he committed to working for Biden if the Senator ever ran for President. 
PRO Si Trew (talk) 06:45, 13 September 2015 (UTC) It's CRYSTAL to suggest that there is an extant Biden campaign. 
PRO Kaufman inherited appointments to the same two committees that his predecessor, Biden, had served on before his resignation - the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on the Judiciary [REF]. 
PRO However, just after midnight on August 23, it was reported by the Associated Press that Obama ultimately selected Joe Biden, the senior senator from Delaware, as his running mate [REF]. 
PRO The Task Force was a development out of the White House Council on Women and Girls and Office of the Vice President of the United States, and prior to that, the 1994 Violence Against Women Act that was first drafted by Biden [REF]. 
PRO Klain had worked with Biden, having served as counsel to the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary while Biden chaired that committee and assisted Biden's speechwriting team during the 1988 presidential campaign [REF]. 
PRO An early interview with Vice President Joe Biden also received praise: Robert Rorke of the New York Post commented that the review gave Biden "that essential sense of humanity that makes people believe in a candidate."[REF] . 
PRO One key element in the deal being reached and the logjam being broken earlier that afternoon was U.S. Vice President Joe Biden's ability to negotiate with his 25-year Senate colleague, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell [REF]. 
PRO The cables reveal that U.S. Vice President Biden told British Prime Minister Gordon Brown in March 2009 that Mr. Zardari had told him he feared an army coup and that the "ISI director and Kayani will take me out" [REF]. 
PRO Helms secured sufficient reforms that a colleague, future Vice President Joe Biden of Delaware said that "As only Nixon could go to China, only Helms could fix the U.N."[REF] . 
PRO Later that day, President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden called Blumenthal to express their best wishes [REF]. 
PRO The best answer I can find is that his Senatorial equivalent is Joe Biden, who is Vice President of the United States and thus, by that role, also President of the Senate. 
PRO He publicly speculated, in a contribution he made to the Huffington Post on October 18, 2012, that then-Vice President Joe Biden had dementia after his 2012 VP debate performance [REF]. 
PRO He said that he is looking forward to both Obama and Biden [REF]. 
PRO With his family, many friends, and donors encouraging him in mid-2015 to enter the race, and with Hillary Clinton's favorability ratings in decline at that time, Biden was reported to again be seriously considering the prospect and a "Draft Biden 2016" PAC was established [REF]. 
PRO The Opinion Research Corporation's poll on the debate revealed that 51% of viewers felt Biden had won, while 36% were in favor of Palin. 
PRO He said that Obama's choice for vice-president, Joe Biden, was ready to be president. 
PRO A statement attributed to him contended that the U.S. administration, and specifically Vice President Joe Biden, had pressured the governments to refuse his asylum petitions. 
PRO It has been pointed out that some of the speculations of a Biden presidential bid are notable, so I'm deleting with prejudice against redirect recreation but without prejudice against article creation. 
PRO On July 29, 2016, it was announced that then-Vice President Joe Biden would appear in the September 28 episode ("Making a Rapist") as himself to talk about the backlog of rape kits [REF]. 
PRO On November 24, 2008, after Biden's election to the vice presidency but before his resignation, outgoing Governor Ruth Ann Minner announced that she would appoint Biden's former chief of staff, a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors named Ted Kaufman, as Biden's temporary successor [REF]. 
PRO Ibadibam (talk) 20:58, 13 September 2013 (UTC) Delete - there is one item on there that is of minimal notability (the joe biden visit) the rest is WP:NOTADVERTISING. 
PRO President Barack Obama has stated that he has read the book as has Vice President Joseph Biden. 
PRO It marked the first election of two incumbent U.S. senators as president and vice president, a phenomenon that was repeated by Barack Obama and Joe Biden in 2008. 
PRO On 21 July 2016, it was announced that then-Vice President Joe Biden, while on a diplomatic visit to New Zealand, had accepted an invitation for a US Naval vessel to visit New Zealand and participate in the 75th Anniversary celebrations. 
PRO That is, to fill out the remainder of Biden's term if confirmed by Congress, not for election to a new term. 
PRO A CBS poll of uncommitted voters found that 50% of those viewers thought Biden did better, 31% thought Ryan did better, and 19% thought they tied [REF]. 
PRO Additionally the number of people injured and the fact that it was an American killed while Biden was visiting has brought a lot more notability and media coverage to the attack. 
PRO This leads to Vohlers receiving word that Greendale is at "elevated threat level", forcing Biden to cancel his visit. 
PRO Post-debate polls found that while Palin exceeded many voters' expectations, Biden had won the debate overall [REF]. 
PRO On August 23, 2008, via text message, the Obama campaign announced that the then-presumptive Democratic nominee chose Joe Biden as his vice-presidential running mate [REF]. 
PRO In Il Giornale, Fausto Biloslavo has reported that despite the program's secrecy, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden was photographed at the center of Zarqa in March 2015 [REF]. 
PRO In January 2013, DeFranco announced that he would be meeting with United States Vice President Joe Biden to discuss the topic of gun laws [REF]. 
PRO Other politicians' gaffes when they tried to say that he's a good orator (like Biden saying he's articular and good looking or Reid saying he doesn't talk with a Negro dialect). 
PRO That same month, Obama called for a national effort led by Vice President Biden to develop a cure for cancer [REF]. 
PRO That night, ABC News reported that the U.S. Secret Service had assumed protection of Biden, which was seen as a sign that he had been chosen as Obama's running mate [REF]. 
PRO Relatively proficient newbie (first contribution about ten weeks ago) attempted to make a redirect page that pointed to a nonexistent target (Joseph Biden, Jr), then tried variances of the "to see.. click .." variety. 
PRO Plants that occur in its habitat are for example Bidens henryi, Cheirodendron bastardianum, Pandanus, and east Polynesian blueberry (Vaccinium cereum), as well as numerous other shrubs, ferns, mosses and lichens [REF]. 
PRO "The kind of violence we saw yesterday, the failure to condemn it, the rhetoric that incites that violence, the retribution that it generates, has to stop," Biden said [REF]. 
PRO In early October, United States Vice President Joe Biden accused Turkey of funding IS, to which ErdoÄŸan angrily responded, "Biden has to apologize for his statements" adding that if no apology is made, Biden would become "history to me." Biden subsequently apologised [REF]. 
PRO On August 1, 2006, the Armenian Assembly of America announced that Senate Foreign Relations Committee Ranking Member Joe Biden together with Senator John Kerry requested a hold on Hoagland's nomination, claiming that he hoped the Administration "will find a way to acknowledge the Armenian Genocide."[REF] 
PRO After the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19, 1995, a domestic terrorist bomb attack that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, Biden drafted anti-terrorist legislation, which was ultimately defeated. 
PRO After the debate, The New York Times commented that Governor Palin's debate performance against Democrat Joe Biden "exceeded expectations in this highly anticipated face-off, though those expectations were low after she had stumbled in recent television interviews."[REF] 
PRO Xuxl mentioned that Floyd Bentsen ran for senate and VP at once, as did Joe Biden (who did win both and then resigned from the senate). 
PRO Based on the results of the electoral vote count, Vice President Cheney declared officially that Obama was elected as President of the United States and Biden was elected as Vice President of the United States [REF]. 
PRO Prior to that, he served as Staff Director and Chief Counsel to Senator Joseph R. Biden, Jr. (D-Del.) on the Senate Judiciary Committee from 2001-2005. 
PRO The potential guests who were discussed included Bob McCann, then-president of wealth management at UBS, Judith Rodin, Rockefeller Foundation president, and Hikmet Ersek, Western Union CEO. Band requested that Rodin be seated at the same table as Vice President Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO On November 12, 2008, Roll Call announced that Klain had been chosen to serve as Chief of Staff to Vice President Joe Biden, the same role he served for Gore [REF]. 
PRO Regarding Joe Biden's support for Israel, Palin stated that "I'm so encouraged to know that we both love Israel, and I think that is a good thing to get to agree on, Senator Biden. 
PRO There's nothing significant about both of these people's headshots being on screen together that can not be replaced by the free image we already have of Biden and a future free image of West. 
PRO In summer of 2007, O'Reilly said that the entire field of 2008 Democratic Presidential Candidates (aside from Senator Joseph Biden) went to the Yearly Kos convention that was sponsored by the Daily Kos. 
PRO Rejecting some of the arguments that other Bork opponents were making,[REF] Biden framed his discussion around the belief that the Constitution provides rights to liberty and privacy that extend beyond those explicitly enumerated in the text, and that Bork's strong originalism was ideologically incompatible with that view [REF]. 
PRO On 18 January 2009, Kinnock revealed on the BBC's The Andrew Marr Show that she and Neil Kinnock had received a personal invitation from Joe Biden to attend Barack Obama's presidential inauguration on 20 January 2009 at the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. 
PRO Yet despite that uncertainty, despite the advice of seasoned policy makers like Vice President Joe Biden and Defense Secretary Robert Gates telling him not to go, and despite the very real chance that the raid would greatly strain relations with Pakistan, Obama gave the green light. 
PRO Following the meeting, an AIPAC spokesman stated that "We had a very warm conversation with Senator Biden today, as we have many times throughout the years, about the importance of the U.S-Israel relationship, and we look forward to continuing to work with him in the future. 
PRO In mid-1974, freshman Senator Biden was named one of the 200 Faces for the Future by Time magazine, in a profile that mentioned what had happened to his family and characterized Biden as "self-confident" and "compulsively ambitious" [REF]. 
PRO Previously Hogan served as Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Government Affairs for the National Football League, and prior to that as the Counsel to the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, under President Barack Obama. 
PRO WCCasey (talk) 19:52, 29 January 2011 (UTC) Delete - Overcategorization on the basis of a characteristic that is trivial or non-defining, and which results in a category that is small and has little potential for growth (unless VP Biden and surviving former VPs have things planned..). 
PRO Regarding his belief that Iraq maintained stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction, Biden said in 2007 that inspectors had seen and cataloged the existence of the materials required to make such weapons prior to their expulsion from Iraq and pondered why Saddam Hussein didn't tell the international community that he had disposed of them [REF]. 
PRO Ferraro speculated that the pick might win Republican presidential nominee John McCain the election,[REF] but said that she was supporting Obama now due to his running mate selection of Joe Biden having resolved her concerns about Obama's lack of experience in certain areas [REF]. 
PRO On September 5, 2017, after Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Trump Administration is rescinding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, Biden tweeted, "Brought by parents, these children had no choice in coming here. 
PRO It says that the government is exploring the possibility, but then it has Biden saying "If he conspired to get these classified documents with a member of the US military that is fundamentally different than if someone drops on your lap .. you are a press person, here is classified material." 
PRO Biden was involved in crafting many federal crime laws. 
PRO Negative impressions of drinking alcohol in the Biden and Finnegan families and in the neighborhood led to Joe Biden becoming a teetotaler [REF]. 
PRO Biden supports the promotion of renewable energy, including biodiesel fuels but not ethanol. 
PRO Biden supports a "five-step plan" towards removing troops from Iraq. 
PRO It continues by declaring, "Joe Biden is the only candidate with a plan to get us out of Iraq and keep us out."[REF] . 
PRO Biden is the only VP who wasn't President yet has an article on his political positions, and one-article categories are untenable. 
PRO On February 1, former Vice President Joe Biden publicly offered his support for Perez [REF]. 
PRO Biden supports creating a new treaty on climate change requiring emissions reductions from developing countries, such as Brazil, India, China, and Mexico. 
PRO Biden is considered to be a moderate liberal, clocking a 77.5 percent liberal voting record in 2006 and lifetime score of 76.8 percent [REF]. 
PRO Bidens is closely related to the American genus Coreopsis, and the genera are sometimes difficult to tell apart; in addition, neither is monophyletic [REF]. 
PRO Vice-President Joe Biden said the plane appeared to have been deliberately shot down, and vowed US assistance for the investigation into the crash [REF]. 
PRO Vice-President Joe Biden said the plane appeared to have been deliberately shot down, and offered American assistance for the investigation into the crash [REF]. 
PRO In 2010, UQM received a visit from vice-president Joe Biden to promote the $45million of Stimulus Act money the company received [REF]. 
PRO Former Vice President Joe Biden stated: "He was one of the most principled and courageous public servants I have ever known. 
PRO In May 2012, Obama became the first sitting president to support same-sex marriage, shortly after Vice President Joe Biden had also expressed support for the institution [REF]. 
PRO Biden played a key role in gaining Senate support for several major pieces of Obama legislation, and was a main factor in convincing Senator Arlen Specter to switch from the Republican to the Democratic party [REF]. 
PRO In May 2012, Griffin asked a question which, in part, led Vice President Joe Biden to publicly share his support for same-sex marriage. 
PRO Joe Biden also made history by becoming the first Roman Catholic to be elected vice president. 
PRO Joe Biden assured the Iraqi forces of full support against the ISIL. 
PRO Then-US presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain, as well as then-Vice Presidential candidate Joe Biden, voted in support of the bill [REF]. 
PRO Democrats used Senator Gillibrand, Vice President Joe Biden, and an endorsement from President Barack Obama to support the Murphy campaign. 
PRO In 1998, Biden expressed support for the use of force against Iraq, and urged a sustained effort to "dethrone" Saddam Hussein over the long haul [REF]. 
PRO Biden has stated he supports a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 
PRO Her interview with Joe Biden interview has become a major story and is part of her biography now. 
PRO When asked to explain further, Biden spokesperson Margaret Aitken stated "The Senator [Biden] admires, supports and respects the Indian-American community.. 
PRO With Joe Biden's experience and wisdom, supporting Barack Obama's proven understanding, instincts, and insight, America will have the national security leadership we need. 
PRO Biden received a second waiver because of a past drug-related incident [REF]. 
PRO Kind of like how Joe Biden attended the Charlie Hebdo unity march, because president Obama was too busy campaigning in Berlin. 
PRO One committee member, Democratic Delaware Senator Joe Biden, later stated that he regretted not having opposed Scalia "because he was so effective". 
PRO He added "Biden demonstrated he knows John McCain better than Sarah Palin does. 
PRO Before the 2013 inauguration, Obama and Biden invited Moline to offer a blessing for them and their families at a private worship service [REF]. 
PRO (Reuters) US Vice President Joe Biden says there "is no doubt that Syria's government was responsible for a recent chemical attack in Damascus". 
PRO In September 2011, Biden lent her support to USAID's FWD campaign, a push for awareness surrounding the deadly famine, war, and drought affecting over 13 million people in the Horn of Africa [REF]. 
PRO Following the war, at the advice of vice president Joseph Biden the U.S. appropriated one billion dollars to help Georgia rebuild [REF]. 
PRO Biden said Iraq "could be one of the great achievements of this administration."[REF] 
PRO In an official White House statement on 8 June 2016, US Vice President Joe Biden and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim reaffirmed strong support for "an agreement that reunifies the island as a bi-zonal, bi-communal federation" [REF]. 
PRO Senators Carl Levin (D-Mich) and Joseph Biden (D-Del) took up Bull's cause. 
PRO Vice President Joseph Biden ruled the objection out of order because it had to be sponsored by at least one member of each chamber, and there was no Senate sponsor [REF]. 
PRO Moreover, while political speeches often appropriate ideas and language from each other, Biden's use came under more scrutiny because he fabricated aspects of his own family's background in order to match Kinnock's [REF]. 
PRO The Securities and Exchange Commission launched an investigation in April 2012 into accusations that Katzenberg had bribed Chinese officials in an effort to obtain distribution rights, as Joe Biden was negotiating a deal to increase film quotas [REF]. 
PRO In April 2016, U.S. Vice President Biden said that because of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's policy of steady expansion of settlements, an eventual "one-state reality" with Israeli Jews no longer in the majority was the likely outcome [REF]. 
PRO The comments by Joe Biden and comments at the fund raiser of Alan Grayson should be added in the other comments section. 
PRO In April 2016, Gaga joined Vice President Joe Biden at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas to support Biden's It's On Us campaign as he traveled to colleges on behalf of the organization, which has seen 250,000 students from more than 530 colleges sign a pledge of solidarity and activism [REF]. 
PRO With public approval of the handling of the conflict decreasing considerably since the invasion in 2003, Biden believed this plan would have helped his campaign among the electorate had he been nominated [REF]. 
PRO Joe Biden was at the Little League World Series game today, because he and Chris Drury were inducted into the LLWS Hall of Fame. 
PRO New Energy for America was a plan led by Barack Obama and Joe Biden to invest in renewable energy sources, reduce reliance on foreign oil, address global warming issues, and create jobs for Americans. 
PRO Horn contends that voting by out-of-state Democratic volunteers, including the niece of Vice President Joseph Biden, in New Hampshire elections is illegal and constitutes voter fraud. 
PRO During the campaign, Biden focused on his plan to achieve political success in the Iraq War through a system of federalization. 
PRO However, Biden stated that additional diplomatic efforts should be made to help avert the potential need for military action [REF]. 
PRO Biden had indicated that he would remain in the Senate until he was sworn in as Vice President on January 20, 2009 [REF]. 
PRO In a March 2007 interview, Biden was asked about the failure to achieve peace between Israel and the Palestinians. 
PRO Later in 1987, the Delaware Supreme Court's Board of Professional Responsibility cleared Biden of the law school plagiarism charges regarding his standing as a lawyer, saying Biden had "not violated any rules" [REF]. 
PRO The same day U.S. Vice President Joe Biden in a telephone call urged President Yanukovych to accept international support to resolve the political crisis and to remove riot police, release detainees, and prosecute those responsible for attacking journalists and protesters [REF]. 
PRO Senator Obama and Senator Biden responded and promised in writing to increase the appointment of Asian American federal judges [REF]. 
PRO Raghavan currently serves as a consultant for progressive organizations including the Biden Foundation[REF] and the Indian American Impact Project & Fund, the latter being an initiative that supports Indian Americans in politics [REF]. 
PRO He continues to advise the hedge fund on economic policy, in addition to his roles as chief economist to the evidence-based policy organization Results for America, advisor to the Biden Foundation,[REF] and visiting associate professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. 
PRO Three won re-election to the Senate, but Johnson and Biden then gave up their Senate seats because they were also elected Vice President. 
PRO and Joseph Biden (D-Del.), the Civilian Response Corps is responsible for U.S. government efforts to stabilize war-torn societies and rebuild nations [REF]. 
PRO Biden feels that these non-native species have the potential to be among the largest economic and environmental threats in the 21st century. 
PRO In 2006, Biden stated, "We should be putting together a plan as to how we are going to play a positive role in moving that country, after the Castros are gone, to-more toward democratization and liberalization in their society."[REF] 
PRO Biden urged the criminal prosecutions of copyright-infringing peer-to-peer users and tried to create a new federal felony involving playing unauthorized music [REF]. 
PRO Regarding support for Israel within the Democratic Party, Biden has stated that the Democrats' support for Israel "comes from our gut, moves through our heart, and ends up in our head. 
PRO During his campaign, Biden focused on the war in Iraq and his support for the implementation of the Biden-Gelb plan to achieve political success. 
PRO Biden underscored Washington's "long-standing support for democracy in Hong Kong and for the city's high degree of autonomy under the 'one country, two systems' framework," the White House said. 
PRO During a debate on November 15, 2007, Biden clarified the PATRIOT Act's effect and his continued support for it and his opposition to racial profiling [REF]. 
PRO Biden has since said that he believes it was a mistake to support the Iraq War because it has been mismanaged by the Bush Administration. 
PRO Biden finished off the year's campaigning trying to improve his standing in the race by speaking of the events surrounding the situation in Pakistan and particularly his solution of protecting the nuclear weapons of the nation [REF]. 
PRO Biden is Pro-Choice on abortion rated 100% by NARAL and supports a state's right to have civil unions [REF]. 
PRO I have created a post for James Biden (can't find URL any longer) that I want to remain hidden for a few weeks while I get the appropriate sources. 
PRO Barack Obama, the President of the United States, was also unable to attend, but offered Vice President Joe Biden as the US representative; Biden was in Brussels as part of US efforts to improve relations with the European Union [REF]. 
PRO Biden opposes drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and supports governmental funding to find new energy sources as well as upping funding for alternative transportation like Amtrak and mass transit [REF]. 
PRO On the primary election night, when Corzine accepted his party's nomination, Vice President Joe Biden campaigned for him, saying that he and President Barack Obama would help him get re-elected. 
PRO This led to Biden's withdrawal of his presidential campaign [REF]. 
PRO Needs to be expanded beyond the Biden situation. 
PRO (BBC) Britain, France and the EU support U.S. Vice President Joe Biden's condemnation of Israeli expansion of settlements in occupied territory. 
PRO Appearing on Good Morning America, Vice President Joe Biden condemned Robertson's commentary, saying, "I still believe it's a gateway drug. 
PRO He became Vice President Biden's top security aide in February 2013 after Clinton stepped down as U.S. Secretary of State [REF]. 
PRO Davidson serves on the Ending Violence Against Women Advisory Council at the Biden Foundation [REF]. 
PRO U.S. Vice President Joe Biden expressed his concerns after the attack [REF]. 
PRO (CNN) Joe Biden's visit to Iraq: U.S. Vice President Joe Biden holds talks with Iraqi political leaders ahead of the March parliamentary election. 
PRO Vice President Joe Biden invited several groups from Delaware to march in the parade. 
PRO Vice President Biden was nominated by voice vote. 
PRO US Vice President Joe Biden provided for the first time[REF] an outlook on the future foreign policy of the recently re-elected US President Barack Obama. 
PRO Earlier in his campaign the most important issue for Biden was the Conflict in Iraq. 
PRO Biden's Violence Against Women Act was reauthorized again in 2013. 
PRO Vice President Joe Biden called Nelson crucial to President Obama's chances for winning Florida in 2012. 
PRO After the appointments were announced, press articles raised concerns about Biden's potential conflicts with US government positions [REF]. 
PRO At the 2012 US vice presidential debate, Vice President Joe Biden made a similar statement in reaction to Republican vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan's citation of a policy taken by President Kennedy. 
PRO The series was produced by 101-North for It's On Us, the organization created by Joe Biden to stop sexual assault. 
PRO Vice President Joe Biden was another key speaker, citing campus sexual assault as a major issue [REF]. 
PRO There should be similar articles for at least Joe Biden in order to provide balance, of course. 
PRO On 4 December 2013, American vice president Joe Biden discussed the issue at length with Chinese president Xi Jinping [REF]. 
PRO To date Joe Biden has not lost an election. 
PRO A plurality of the television audience rated Biden's performance higher at the 2008 vice-presidential debate [REF]. 
PRO The original Cancer MoonShot 2020 name reportedly came from a speech Vice President Biden made in the Rose Garden in October 2015, promising a "moonshot" to cure cancer. 
PRO U.S. Vice President Joe Biden made his second visit to Baghdad in as many months in September 2009, and met with Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki even as insurgents fired mortars and rockets at the Green Zone to protest his presence. 
PRO --Teratornis (talk) 00:48, 21 January 2009 (UTC) I think Google prefers the snippet to be part of a proper sentence containing "Joe Biden". 
PRO Joe Biden made a statement that even if the US were to open drilling it doesn't mean the oil would stay here. 
PRO Because Biden was past the cut-off age for the program, he needed a waiver. 
PRO The Iran-US secret talks became more serious in March as Barack Obama dispatched the deputy secretary of State William Burns and Vice President Biden's top foreign policy adviser Jake Sullivan together with five technical experts to meet with Iranian officials. 
PRO 23 January At a press conference in Istanbul, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden expresses confidence in joint US-Turkish military action against ISIL should upcoming peace talks with the Assad regime fail. 
PRO I cannot read the first name, but the initial capital of the last name looks as though it could be similar to Biden's distinctive "B" in the signature of our article. 
PRO In December 2014, Harris returned to the White House when Vice President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. tapped him to serve as his Chief Economist and Economic Advisor. 
PRO Biden supported the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007. 
PRO The debate sketch sparked a great deal of interest, including a rare response by Joe Biden on ABC's Good Morning America. 
PRO U.S. Senators Tom Carper and Joe Biden helped secure federal funds for the project [REF]. 
PRO On September 12, 2013, at an event marking the 19th anniversary of the bill, Vice President Joe Biden criticized the Republicans who slowed the passage of the reauthorization of the act as being "this sort of Neanderthal crowd" [REF]. 
PRO This image depicts Joe Biden giving the speech and is in articles relating to Joe Biden and as such, the focus is on Joe Biden. 
PRO The most prominent include Vice President Joe Biden, Chief Justice John Roberts, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, and Governor of California Jerry Brown. 
PRO At the 2015 Munich Security Conference, Vice President Biden specified the substantive progress, and setbacks: . 
PRO Senator Joe Biden's remarks on the significance of the "Big Quarterly" were published in the Congressional Record for 30 July 1981 (Vol. 
PRO Vice President Joe Biden expressed concerns regarding the ongoing lack of progress in forming a new Iraqi government, saying of the Iraqi people that "they expect a government that reflects the results of the votes they cast". 
PRO He created the genus Melanthera which is closely related to Bidens in 1792,[REF] and is commemorated by the monotypic genus Rohria Schreb., native to French Guiana [REF] This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation J.P.Rohr when citing a botanical name [REF]. 
PRO When looking to include quotations of Joe Biden's new stated position on marriage equality in the Joe Biden article, an editor uses the one source available, which is Joe Biden in the Huffington Post, for the quotation. 
PRO (2012) VP Biden visits to lead the St. Patrick's Day Parade. 
PRO After Biden's acceptance of the vice presidential nomination, speculation arose that John Kerry would be a candidate for Secretary of State in the Obama administration [REF]. 
PRO Earlier in the race, he had supported Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO Jill Biden, wife of Vice President Joe Biden, works as an English professor at Northern Virginia Community College, and is thought to be the first second lady to hold a paying job while her husband was vice president [REF]. 
PRO At the convention, Mark was approached by future Senator Joseph R. Biden to return to Delaware and assist him in his first Senate Campaign as Campaign director. 
PRO Visitors from the later period include Joe Biden and Johannes Hahn [REF]. 
PRO Delaware's Senator Joe Biden's remarks on the significance of the "Big Quarterly" were published in the Congressional Record for 30 July 1981 (Vol. 
PRO In 2018 the Bohnett Foundation, along with the Gill Foundation, partnered with the Biden Foundation and the YMCA of the USA in a joint three-year effort to foster LGBTQ inclusion and equity at YMCA locations nationwide [REF]. 
PRO In June 2016, President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden met with the victims and families of those who lost their loved ones in the Orlando Pulse nightclub massacre. 
PRO After Biden's death, he was replaced by President August, the former fictitious Speaker of the House of Representatives, who delivers the news via teleconference to the USS Nathan James. 
PRO In 2015, she led Morocco's delegation to the White House Summit on Countering Extreme Violence led by Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO Obama presents Vice President Joe Biden with the Presidential Medal of Freedom [REF]. 
PRO Absent from the vote were three Democrats: Paul Simon and Al Gore were campaigning and Joe Biden was ill [REF]. 
PRO The passage of the bill came after days of negotiations between Senate leaders and the Obama administration, with the final agreement being attributed to talks between Vice President Joe Biden and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell. 
PRO The passage of the bill came after days of negotiations between Senate leaders and the Obama administration, with the final agreement being attributed to talks between Vice President Joe Biden and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell [REF]. 
PRO Senator Biden supported the Farm Bill and believes that it is a responsible compromise. 
PRO Biden also serves as a member of numerous boards. 
PRO On October 10, 2002, Senator Biden provided introductory remarks on the bill before the Senate. 
PRO Built in 1907 as Pennsylvania Station, the station was renamed in 2011 for then-Vice President and former U.S. Senator Joseph R. Biden, Jr., an advocate for passenger rail who routinely took the train from Wilmington to Washington, D.C [REF]. 
PRO Joe Biden emphasized the importance of the Southern Gas Corridor to strengthen energy security of Europe [REF]. 
PRO March 10: In a speech at NATO headquarters, US Vice President Joe Biden said of the threats facing NATO, that "nowhere is that challenge more acute than in Afghanistan." 
PRO In mid-January 2013, representatives from the video game industry met with Vice President Biden on the subject of violent video games and their regulation [REF]. 
PRO In 2013 she blessed President Obama and Vice President Biden at the Inaugural National Prayer Service. 
PRO In August 2011, on a side trip while traveling to China and Japan, Joe Biden made the first visit by a sitting vice president to Mongolia since Henry Wallace made one in 1944 [REF]. 
PRO Recorded food plants include Bidens species, and the leaves of beans, corn, and oak. 
PRO Turkey has been accused by experts, Syrian Kurds, and United States Vice-President Joe Biden of supporting or colluding with ISIL [REF]. 
PRO Brown was sworn into office on February 4, 2010, by Vice President Joe Biden, in his capacity as President of the Senate, on the floor of the Senate [REF]. 
PRO I looked for myself - all of the articles he's "patrolling" are related to Barack Obama, Biden, Michelle Obama, etc. 
PRO July 2 - President Obama and Vice President Biden speak at a memorial service for Senator Robert C. Byrd [REF]. 
PRO As Attorney General, Biden supported and enforced stronger registration requirements for sex offenders [REF]. 
PRO () Recommend deletion - Fails WP:NTEMP; Joe Biden went there in 2011 and made a flippant remark, causing brief news coverage that quickly faded. 
PRO Vice President Joe Biden was on hand to give the commencement address, advising the graduates, "You will carry our skies and beyond on your backs. 
PRO Obama went on to choose fellow senator Joe Biden as his running mate. 
PRO The latter criterion would have accommodated Vice President Joe Biden had he decided to enter the presidential race as late as the day of the debate [REF]. 
PRO In addition, Vice President Biden has visited the Palestinian Authority twice. 
PRO Joe Biden was nominated by acclamation on a voice vote. 
PRO Recent well-known political figures from the Greater Philadelphia area include former Vice President Joe Biden and former Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell. 
PRO Despite the lack of success, Biden's stature in the political world rose as the result of his campaign [REF]. 
PRO File:Obama and Biden await updates on bin Laden.jpg 
PRO In 1939, Sydney Biden provided the English translation for the cantata For us a child is born.[REF] . 
PRO After Biden's surprise victory in 1972, he took a one-year leave of absence from DuPont to organize and head Senator Biden's Delaware Office [REF]. 
PRO Reason This is one of the better images of Barack Obama and Joe Biden together on the campaign trail. 
PRO The Delaware Supreme Court's Board on Professional Responsibility would later clear Biden of the law school plagiarism charges [REF]. 
PRO Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden spoke on a variety of topics, including European unity; Russian malfeasance; the refugee crisis; prosperity, security, democracy, and the transatlantic alliance; and global warming [REF]. 
PRO The controversy also hit Biden in his most vulnerable area, accentuating the notion that he lacked mental and verbal discipline [REF]. 
PRO His work was cited in 2010 by US Vice-President Joe Biden in a speech on the importance of biomedical research regarding the Recovery Act Innovation Report [REF]. 
PRO <imagemap> File:Obama and Biden await updates on bin Laden.jpg|thumb|right|400px|President 
PRO Biden would favor American military intervention into Sudan to end the Darfur genocide. 
PRO Political notables who lived in Arden for a short time include Joseph Robinette "Joe" Biden, Jr. and Russell W. Peterson. 
PRO Politics and elections  The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. 
PRO During the campaign, Vilsack joined fellow candidates Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden in supporting the establishment of a U.S. Public Service Academy as a civilian counterpart to the military academies [REF]. 
PRO File:Obama and Biden await updates on bin Laden annotated.svg 
PRO When the Scranton area went into economic decline during the 1950s, Biden's father could not find enough work [REF]. 
PRO On June 25, 2016, Joe Biden received the freedom of County Louth in the Republic of Ireland [REF]. 
PRO Biden was effectively tarred as a plagiarist by Dukakis and was forced out of the race. 
PRO In May 2017, to celebrate Cornell University's commencement speaker, former Vice President Joe Biden, the Dairy Bar created and sold the flavor "Big Red, White, and Biden."[REF] . 
PRO Joe Biden's goal from the campaign is to prevent sexual assault. 
PRO Biden was allowed to repeat the course and passed with high marks [REF]. 
PRO In 1994, Biden drafted the Violence Against Women Act. 
PRO Vice President Joe Biden remarked "The post-Cold War world..is more stable and secure because of Eagleburger's service." 
PRO Most recently, PCF expressed support for the goals of Vice President Joe Biden's Cancer Moonshot [REF]. 
PRO A January 2018 poll showed Biden leading in a hypothetical match-up with Donald Trump by 57% to 40% [REF]. 
PRO The overall bill was vetoed by President Bill Clinton in 2000, but then finally passed as the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act in 2005, with Biden supporting it [REF]. 
PRO Vice President Biden also cited the success of the Compact of Mayors while speaking on November 5, 2015 at the National League of Cities Congress of Cities in Nashville, Tennessee, USA [REF]. 
PRO She is the founder of the Biden Breast Health Initiative non-profit organization, co-founder of the Book Buddies program, co-founder of the Biden Foundation, is active in Delaware Boots on the Ground, and is co-founder of Joining Forces with Michelle Obama. 
PRO The former second couple launched the Biden Foundation in February 2017, with the purpose of allowing them to pursue the causes they cared most about, including focuses upon preventing violence against women, his moonshot initiative, and her interests in community colleges and military families [REF]. 
PRO Vice President of the United States Joe Biden voiced concerns over the elections in a call with President Viktor Yanukovych on 13 November 2012 and end urged Ukraine to "end selective prosecutions" [REF]. 
PRO The Biden bio article can include the number of leaders he's met (referencing the source) and discuss significant meetings in more detail. 
PRO This in turn caused the DNC to move Joe Biden's vice presidential acceptance speech, normally held the day before the presidential acceptance speech, to Thursday, before Obama's speech, to avoid a conflict with the NFL game [REF]. 
PRO and Biden on the "overwhelming victory" [REF]. 
PRO Biden has voiced concerns about Russia alleged backsliding on democratic reforms. 
PRO Still unable to stop laughing, Biden said, "These guys are incredible, I don't know what to say."[REF] . 
PRO Joe Biden's campaign also ended in controversy after he was accused of plagiarizing a speech by Neil Kinnock, then-leader of the British Labour Party [REF]. 
PRO In April 2007 Biden criticized Republican presidential candidate John McCain calling him "fundamentally wrong" for his support of the surge policy in Iraq. 
PRO Joe Biden's campaign also ended in controversy after the Delaware Senator was accused of plagiarizing a speech by Neil Kinnock, then-leader of the British Labour Party [REF]. 
PRO Joe Biden mentions "Taliban not enemies", 95% of terrorism in Pakistan relate to Afghan refugees, etc. 
PRO Biden did receive some assistance from the AFL-CIO and Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell [REF]. 
PRO Also, if consensus determines a standalone article is not necessary, redirecting would be more appropriate than deleting because "Draft Biden" is a possible search term. 
PRO On November 16, 2009, the Copyright Alliance was joined by some of its grassroots members in hand-delivering a letter to the White House signed by more than 11,000 artists and creators, calling on President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden to defend the rights of artists and creators. 
PRO The speech was said to be triggered by the death of Biden's son to cancer [REF]. 
PRO Delaware law allowed Biden to run for Vice President and Senator at the same time, so he would have kept the seat if the ticket had lost. 
PRO Several such instances, such as those involving Marty Meehan, Norm Coleman, Conrad Burns,[REF] and Joe Biden, received significant media attention [REF]. 
PRO When this final version was debated on the U.S. Senate floor, Joseph Biden spoke as a leading advocate of the more hardline strategy [REF]. 
PRO O'Donnell tried to make an issue of Biden's dual campaigns, claiming that serving his constituents was not important to him, and criticized his unwillingness to participate in debates and candidate forums [REF]. 
PRO Following his death, Vice President Joe Biden succeeded him before he too succumbed to the disease a week later. 
PRO Biden has a strong stance on sexual assault [REF]. 
PRO Obama said he was awarding the Medal of Freedom to Biden for "faith in your fellow Americans, for your love of country and a lifetime of service that will endure through the generations."[REF][REF] 
PRO Gordon worked closely with then Senator Joseph Biden in the creation and writing of the landmark U.S. Crime Bill [REF] which was signed into law by President Bill Clinton in 1994. 
PRO Fox News Channel held a poll regarding the performance of each candidate, with 51% of the votes in favor of Biden, and 39% in favor of Palin [REF]. 
PRO In particular, attention focused on the removal of information about a plagiarism controversy during Biden's 1988 presidential campaign. 
PRO After spending two years working with an NGO in Northern Ireland, Foley became a congressional aide, which included a tenure of employment under future Vice President Joe Biden. 
PRO Biden's campaign issues focused on withdrawal from Vietnam, the environment, civil rights, mass transit, more equitable taxation, health care, the public's dissatisfaction with politics-as-usual, and "change" [REF]. 
PRO The Delaware Supreme Court's Board on Professional Responsibility would later clear Biden of law school plagiarism charges brought up in relation to the Dukakis political hit piece [REF]. 
PRO Prominent Democratic politicians such as: Senators Al Gore and Joe Biden (both future Vice Presidents) participated in DLC affairs prior to their candidacy for the 1988 Democratic Party nomination [REF]. 
PRO Dodd and Biden both stated scheduling conflicts prevented them from attending. 
PRO In early June 2013, after a visit from US Vice President Joe Biden with Brazilian President Dilma Rouseff; Biden assured President Rouseff that the US Congress would approve technology transfer for Boeing's F-18s [REF]. 
PRO Biden later denied having used those precise words, but acknowledged that the report characterized his position accurately [REF]. 
PRO The election would determine who would fill the balance of Biden's term, which would end on January 3, 2015. 
PRO His skeptical voice was still considered valuable within the administration,[REF] however, and later in 2009 Biden's views achieved more prominence within the White House as Obama reconsidered his Afghanistan strategy [REF]. 
PRO The Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Dexter Mitchell has characteristics similar to Joe Biden, who chaired U.S. Supreme court nominations in his tenure. 
PRO Marttila was one of the few paid political consultants on Biden's 1972 campaign, in which advertising was primarily done through printed position papers that were hand-delivered [REF]. 
PRO Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama and Vice Presidential nominee Joe Biden, monitoring the situation in the Gulf Coast, encouraged New Orleans residents to evacuate [REF]. 
PRO As their backup plan, they bring Joe Biden to the house and after he shakes Vic's hand, his request that Vic return Brian to Stewie and Chris is granted. 
PRO Despite speculation to the contrary,[REF] Biden rejected the notion of accepting the position of Secretary of State, focusing only on the presidency. 
PRO The defoliating caterpillar of Hadjina chinensis, which is limited to Bidens species, has been observed on this plant [REF]. 
PRO June 23, 2011: Biden's negotiations on the debt ceiling were cut off when both Eric Cantor and Jon Kyl walk out over disagreements on taxes [REF]. 
PRO Biden's oath of office was administered by Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens [REF]. 
PRO Epiblema otiosana, the bidens borer, gets its common name from the genus Bidens which includes the food plants for the larva. 
PRO Smith is considered an ally of former Vice President Joe Biden and endorsed him in the 2008 United States presidential election [REF]. 
PRO (San Francisco Chronicle) Iran says it will hold the US responsible for any Israeli attack against their country, in response to US Vice President Joe Biden's claim that the US will not interfere in an Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear facilities. 
PRO Overall, Biden's debate performances were an effective mixture of humor, and sharp and surprisingly disciplined comments [REF]. 
PRO (appointed by US Senator Joseph Biden) Mayoral Commission on Consumer Services, Chicago, Il., member, 1984-1987. 
PRO And again like Biden's staff, engaged in some selective editing of the material they were using to remove unflattering information. 
PRO Hoffman is credited with helping Biden secure passage of numerous pieces of legislation including the criminal provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley and legislation closing the gap in sentencing between crack and powder cocaine [REF]. 
PRO Biden favors diverting drug offenders out of the nation's prison system. 
PRO One month after commissioning, Biden tested positive for cocaine use and was discharged from the Navy reserve in February 2014 [REF]. 
PRO I think this is a pretty important moment for Joe Biden, hence it is in his article. 
PRO Algebraist: Problem is, the Joes Biden article is protected. 
PRO In the Thomas hearings, Biden's questions on constitutional issues were often long and convoluted, sometimes such that Thomas forgot the question being asked [REF]. 
PRO In 2015, he helped the operations of Draft Biden, the Super PAC supporting a potential presidential bid by Obama's Vice President, Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO Biden credited the success to the software, Palantir, being deployed by the federal government [REF]. 
PRO In this, President Obama and his cast of characters (Secretary Clinton, VP Joe Biden, his family) experience life in a parallel universe [REF]. 
PRO File:Obama Biden logo.svg is copyrighted) consensus seems to be that such non-free logos are appropriate for illustrating political campaigns; File:Cruz 2k16 text.png 
PRO Biden intended to eliminate some of the explicit roles assumed by the vice presidency of Cheney [REF]. 
PRO Senator and former 2008 candidate Joe Biden called Obama's speech powerful, truthful, and "one of most important speeches we've heard in a long time." 
PRO In the same poll, 87% said Biden was capable of fulfilling the duties of the vice presidency, while 42% said Palin was capable. 
PRO The current campaign stuff maybe belongs, but only a sentence like "was criticized after a biden interview that the dems complained was overly partisan."Bali 
PRO In September 2008, Biden stated "A strong America is a strong Israel. 
PRO In support of this, Biden said senior U.S. military officials in Europe told him that 2,500 U.S. troops could "radically change the situation on the ground now" (see War in Darfur.) . 
PRO The theme for the day was "Securing America's Future" and featured a speech by Joe Biden, the Vice Presidential candidate [REF]. 
PRO In the fall of 2014, she was invited by Vice President, Joe Biden to the 25th Anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act and launch of Biden's "Its On Us" campaign [REF]. 
PRO January 30 - President Obama signs a presidential memorandum launching the Middle Class Working Families Task Force to be led by Vice President Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO Aware of these dangers, Senator Biden continues supporting programs used to stop importing non-native plants and animals to the US [REF]. 
PRO For his service in Iraq, Biden was awarded a Bronze Star [REF]. 
PRO In February 2011, Vice President Biden proposed spending $53 billion on improved passenger rail service over six years [REF]. 
PRO I suggested a possible solution to the article's problems: Start a new article on the controversial interview of Joe Biden. 
PRO Obama strongly considered choosing Senator Evan Bayh and governors Tim Kaine and Kathleen Sebelius, but Obama ultimately decided to select Delaware Senator Joe Biden as his running mate. 
PRO In response, Biden came back later to the manager and said, "Why don't you say something nice instead of being a smartass all the time?" 
PRO In 1989 she testified before a Senate hearing on steroid abuse chaired by Senator Joseph Biden. 
PRO On December 19, 2012, President Obama announced the formation of an inter-agency gun-violence task force headed by Vice President Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO The band members said they supported Barack Obama and Joe Biden in the 2012 election. 
PRO Having won both races, Biden made a point of holding off his resignation from the Senate so that he could be sworn in for his seventh term on January 6, 2009 [REF]. 
PRO Nevertheless, Biden had confidence that he could prevail; on the eve of his announcement, he said: "I'm going to win this thing. 
PRO As a result of his crimes, Joe Biden introduced legislation that required states to be notified by federal officials when dangerous criminals were placed in their jurisdictions. 
PRO Would make a great Facebook picture for Joe Biden though. 
PRO Shalosky participated in the 2008 presidential campaigns volunteering for Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton, and the successful candidate Barack Obama [REF]. 
PRO In 2012, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden called the region "the most dangerous place in the world."[REF] . 
PRO President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden introduced the campaign by describing the importance of ending sexual assault on college campuses [REF]. 
PRO People interviewed in the film include Vice President Joe Biden, Obama political aide David Axelrod, consumer advocate and former chairwoman of the Congressional Oversight Panel for TARP Elizabeth Warren and former chief of staff and current Mayor of Chicago Rahm Emanuel [REF]. 
PRO Joe Biden, referring to the energy crisis and McCain's 20 votes against funding solar and wind energy, stated that McCain thinks "the only answer is drill, drill, drill. 
PRO Biden was active on the party speaking circuit from 1985 on, and was considered one of the best orators among the potential presidential candidates for 1988 [REF]. 
PRO Its leadership met with President Obama and Vice President Biden to craft a package of bills aimed at reducing gun violence [REF]. 
PRO Barack Obama, John Edwards, Joe Biden, Bill Richardson and Dennis Kucinich file papers to get their names on the Democratic primary ballot. 
PRO She has spoken at several events; most recently at the Teen Vogue Summit and an It's On Us call to action against sexual violence with Vice President Joe Biden. 
PRO Joe Biden Sr. was then more successful as a used car salesman, and the family's circumstances were middle class [REF]. 
PRO Cawley made political donations to Joe Biden, George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush [REF]. 
PRO In addition, Biden praised Brdo-Brijuni initiative as "a good job as it has managed to bring together heads of state for talks for the past five years". 
PRO Major controversy beset Biden's candidacy, beginning on September 12, 1987 with high-profile articles in The New York Times and The Des Moines Register [REF]. 
PRO As a result of Red Dog's crimes, Joe Biden introduced legislation that required federal officials to notify states when dangerous criminals were placed in their jurisdictions [REF]. 
PRO The press release also urged supporters of Biden, Edwards, Obama and Richardson to vote "uncommitted" instead of writing in their preferred candidates' names [REF]. 
PRO The statue was dedicated on November 11, 2011 in a ceremony led by Vice President Joe Biden and Lt. Gen. John Mulholland, commander of Special Operations Command [REF]. 
PRO The book presents a comprehensive account of the vice presidency as the office has developed from Mondale to Biden. 
PRO It discusses factors including Democratic Party presidential candidate John Edwards' extramarital affair, the relationship between Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama and his vice presidential running mate Joe Biden, the failure of Republican Party candidate Rudy Giuliani's presidential campaign and Sarah Palin's vice presidential candidacy [REF]. 
PRO The downstate Sussex County region is the nation's top chicken-producing area, and Biden held up trade agreements with Russia when that country stopped importing U.S. chickens [REF]. 
PRO In February 2017, the School of Public Policy and Administration announced the creation of the Joseph R. Biden Institute, named after alumnus and former Vice President of the United States [REF]. 
PRO REDISTRIBUTION or wealth is Socialist period and Obama, Biden. 
PRO REDISTRIBUTION of wealth is Socialist period and Obama, Biden. 
PRO In 2008, Webb supported Barack Obama and Joe Biden as one of Colorado's presidential electors [REF]. 
PRO Various advocacy groups have given Biden scores or grades as to how well his votes align with the positions of each group. 
PRO A poll taken on February 15, 2018 showed Biden leading all potential Democratic candidates with 35% of respondants preferring Biden, followed by Bernie Sanders (24%) and Elizabeth Warren (15%) as the only other potential candidates in double digits [REF]. 
PRO By 2012, Biden had made eight trips there, but his oversight of U.S. policy in Iraq receded with the exit in 2011 of U.S. troops [REF]. 
PRO In the following weeks Biden would continue with these arguments while campaigning [REF]. 
PRO Later in the month after President George W. Bush enacted economic sanctions against Sudan to pressure the government to end the genocide in Darfur, Biden momentarily shifted focus from Iraq to the crisis in Darfur. 
PRO Biden wrote the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act, which deployed more police officers, increased prison sentences, and built more prisons. 
PRO Joe Biden (D) - In early 2007, Biden faced criticism after giving the description about then-senator Barack Obama: "I mean, you got the first mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice-looking guy" [REF]. 
PRO This subject doesn't even exist except in an off-handed comment Biden made on December 5 at an unrelated event, and a follow-up response that he'd like to run but he knows there's no way to tell how things are going to go in 4 years. 
PRO Wilmington is served by the Joseph R. Biden Jr. Wilmington Rail Station, with frequent service between Boston, Massachusetts, and Washington, D.C., via Amtrak's Northeast Corridor. 
PRO November 4 - Election Day: Barack Obama and Joe Biden win 52.92 percent of the popular vote and 365 electoral votes to John McCain and Sarah Palin's 45.66 percent and 173 electoral votes. 
PRO Because of the close relationship between Biden and MBNA, an article in the conservative political magazine, National Review, referred to Biden as the "Senator from MBNA" [REF]. 
PRO Yet, at the same time, Biden is personally held in high regard. 
PRO By 1926 he had realised it was identical to Moore's species, but as he thought it better placed in Bidens, he made the new combination B. jacksonii. 
PRO During an interview on Good Morning America, Biden called Clinton's plan "a disaster" and "counterproductive". 
PRO By 1997, during the U.S. Senate hearings on NATO expansion, Joe Biden, the Chairman of Foreign Policy, was an enthusiastic supporter of NATO's enlargement to Poland, Czech Republic, and Hungary [REF]. 
PRO Supporters of Biden, Edwards, Richardson, and Obama were urged to vote "uncommitted" instead of writing in their candidates' names because write-in votes for those candidates would not be counted [REF]. 
PRO After the testimony concluded, Biden and other Democrats were criticized for their conduct during the deliberations. 
PRO In January 2016, in his State of the Union address, President Obama called for a new initiative, to be led by Vice President Joe Biden, to galvanize the nation's research efforts against cancer [REF]. 
PRO His second book, The White House Vice Presidency: The Path to Significance, Mondale to Biden digs deeper into this topic. 
PRO However, in the last few days, Biden has again called Assange a terrorist. 
PRO The Senate Judiciary Committee, under the direction of Delaware senator and presidential hopeful Joseph Biden, commissioned a report in response to the materials Reagan's staff had released in support of Bork's nomination. 
PRO Hillary Clinton's loss in New Hampshire was a regression from 2008, when she defeated Obama, Edwards, and a handful of other candidates including Joe Biden with 39% of the popular vote [REF]. 
PRO Her brother-in-law is Mike Donilon, a lawyer and political consultant who serves as Counselor to Vice President Joe Biden. 
PRO Biden was a strong supporter of the 2001 war in Afghanistan, saying "Whatever it takes, we should do it."[REF] 
PRO In October 2002, Biden voted in favor of the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq, justifying the Iraq War [REF]. 
PRO A few months later, first Biden and then Obama endorsed marriage equality. 
PRO In Delaware, where Senator Joseph Biden's office was one whose editing was exposed by the Wikinews investigation, the Republican Party has apparently been trying to use this for political advantage. 
PRO Biden pledged that he would appoint Supreme Court justices sharing his beliefs [REF]. 
PRO He met regularly with senior officials dealing with Iranian issue including Vice President Joe Biden, the Chief US nuclear negotiator with Iran Bill Burns and Wendy Sherman, and the Foreign Ministers of Britain, France, and Germany. 
PRO Biden also criticized the presidency of George W. Bush, stating that "By any objective fact, Israel is less secure today in the world than it was eight years ago."[REF][REF] . 
PRO In late April 2009, Biden's off-message response to a question during the beginning of the swine flu outbreak, that he would advise family members against travelling on airplanes or subways, led to a swift retraction from the White House [REF]. 
PRO Mallory worked closely with the Obama administration on gun control legislation, advising Joe Biden and working to pass new legislation. 
PRO Although said to be in "listening mode", Biden addressed issues of security, political reconciliation, and foreign investment in Iraq's oil-rich but weakened economy with various leaders in the capital and Iraq's Kurdish region [REF]. 
PRO When asked by David Gregory about his views on same-sex marriage on Meet the Press on May 5, 2012, Biden stated he supported same-sex marriage [REF]. 
PRO In March 2011, Obama detailed Biden to lead negotiations between both houses of Congress and the White House in resolving federal spending levels for the rest of the year and avoid a government shutdown [REF]. 
PRO Is this a case of five hundred still frames of Joe Biden eating a sandwich? 
PRO After accepting a congratulatory phone call from Biden, Hansen spoke to her supporters at the Odessa fire hall. 
PRO The statue was dedicated in a ceremony led by Vice President Joe Biden and Lieutenant-General John Mulholland, commander of U.S. Army Special Operations Command and formerly commander of Task Force Dagger during the initial days of the War in Afghanistan [REF]. 
PRO Its an important part of the stage where Joe Biden is speaking and is relevent to the composition. 
PRO Later in the debate Biden addressed his opposition to the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy of the military and touched on the situation in Darfur [REF]. 
PRO As chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Sen. Biden has been a prominent voice calling for "hard-headed diplomacy" with Iran. 
PRO Biden has a lifetime liberal 72 percent score from the ADA through 2004, while the ACU awarded Biden a lifetime conservative rating of 13 percent through 2008 [REF]. 
PRO In May 2007, morning show host Sammy Allred was suspended after calling presidential candidate Barack Obama a "clean darky", in response to Sen. Joseph Biden's comments about Obama [REF]. 
PRO It was dedicated on Veteran's Day, November 11, 2011, in a ceremony led by Vice President Joe Biden and Lt. Gen. John Mulholland, commander of Task Force Dagger and U.S. Army Special Operations Command during Operation Enduring Freedom [REF]. 
PRO It was dedicated the same day in a ceremony led by Vice President Joe Biden and Lt. Gen. John Mulholland, commander of Special Operations Command and formerly commander of Task Force Dagger during the initial days of the War in Afghanistan [REF]. 
PRO Biden cites high health care and energy costs as two major threats to the prosperity of American businesses. 
PRO An advance release of the text, in which Biden called transgender equality is the "civil rights issue of our time" was widely covered on its advanced release in October 2017 [REF]. 
PRO Meanwhile, in addition to Facebook accounts of Barack and Michelle Obama and Joe Biden, the Obama team created ten more Facebook accounts for "specific demographics, such as Veterans for Obama, Women for Obama, and African Americans for Obama."[REF] . 
PRO During and afterwards, Biden was strongly criticized by liberal legal groups and women's groups for having mishandled the hearings and having not done enough to support Hill [REF]. 
PRO McMurray said that the exchange was very kind-not heated, hoarse, or ill-mannered-a matter of political difference ("convictions about my faith" and then-President Obama's attitude toward business), with no offense to Biden [REF]. 
PRO Colbert's guest list includes more political and government figures than his contemporaries; his first two weeks' guests included visits from Jeb Bush, Joe Biden, Ban Ki-moon, Stephen Breyer, Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Donald Trump, and Ted Cruz. 
PRO US Vice-President Joe Biden said he had no evidence the attack on the British embassy in Tehran was orchestrated by Iranian authorities, but it was another example of why the country was a "pariah" [REF]. 
PRO 13:21, 20 September 2006 (UTC) I really fail to understand how this event is any more significant than incidents of Biden, Dean, or Allen? 
PRO For Vice Presidents, very few warrant a series box, Gore and Biden are recent examples which make sense, Cheney may as well. 
PRO During the summer Biden trailed by almost 30 percentage points,[REF] but his energy level, his attractive young family, and his ability to connect with voters' emotions gave the surging Biden an advantage over the ready-to-retire Boggs [REF]. 
PRO Regarding foreign policy, during his first decade in the Senate, Biden focused on arms control issues [REF]. 
PRO In 1994, along with Senator Joe Biden, Slaughter co-authored the Violence Against Women Act which is designed to reduce incidences of domestic violence in the United States and provide resources to victims [REF]. 
PRO Republicans cited a 1992 speech by then-senator Joe Biden, arguing that if a Supreme Court seat became vacant during the summer, President Bush should wait until after the election to appoint a replacement, or else appoint a moderate acceptable to the then-Democratic Senate. 
PRO U.S. Vice President Joe Biden stated that the deaths of the top two al-Qaeda figures in Iraq are "potentially devastating" blows to the terror network there and proof that Iraqi security forces are gaining ground [REF]. 
PRO CNET.com gave Biden a 37.5% in its Technology Issues Voter's Guide [REF]. 
PRO In exchange for undisclosed considerations and because Sheeran felt "Biden was better for labor anyway," the Teamsters Union organized a strike preventing the newspapers from being delivered. 
PRO Eduard Ortgies later elevated it to a full species, placing it in the genus Bidens. 
PRO This was put down to poor British relations with Russia over the UK's continuing refusal to extradite Boris Berezovsky over Russian charges of embezzlement, and because of Biden's close relations with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, who is widely unpopular in Russia because of the 2008 Russia-Georgia War. 
PRO Biden's "Kids 2000" legislation established a public/private partnership to provide computer centers, teachers, Internet access, and technical training to young people, particularly to low-income and at-risk youth [REF]. 
PRO When Democrats re-took control of the Senate following the 2006 elections, Biden again assumed the top spot on the committee in 2007 [REF]. 
PRO Biden stated to the victim of sexual assault at Stanford University, "you did it.. in the hope that your strength might prevent this crime from happening to someone else. 
PRO Biden was critical of the actions of Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr during the 1990s Whitewater controversy and Lewinsky scandal investigations, and said "it's going to be a cold day in hell" before another Independent Counsel is granted the same powers [REF]. 
PRO Biden stated his opposition to Bork soon after the nomination, reversing an approval in an interview of a hypothetical Bork nomination he had made the previous year and angering conservatives who thought he could not conduct the hearings dispassionately [REF]. 
PRO Biden intended to eliminate some of the explicit roles assumed by the vice presidency of his predecessor, Dick Cheney,[REF] who had established himself as an autonomous power center [REF]. 
PRO The law passed the Senate 81-4, with the opponents being Democratic Senators Joseph Biden, Gary Hart, and Daniel Patrick Moynihan, and Republican Senator Charles Mathias [REF]. 
PRO Levin wrote a letter to Defense Secretary Gates promoting the vehicle and Biden asked, during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee event, why the military hadn't ordered the vehicle [REF]. 
PRO Obama selected Biden from a field speculated to include former Indiana Governor and Senator Evan Bayh and Virginia Governor Tim Kaine [REF]. 
PRO When the Reagan administration wanted to interpret the 1972 SALT I Treaty loosely in order to allow the Strategic Defense Initiative to proceed, Biden argued for strict adherence to the treaty's terms [REF]. 
PRO With a net worth between $59,000 and $366,000, and almost no outside income or investment income, Biden was consistently ranked as one of the least wealthy members of the Senate [REF]. 
PRO It is not about future events; he is campaigning with Biden as the VP pick at the present time. 
PRO On the other hand, suppose someone created a page titled Joe R. Biden Jr., with the following content: "Joe R. Biden Jr. is the Vice President of the United States. 
PRO (CBC) (BBC) (RTÃ‰) (France24) Joe Biden, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama give the United States men's national soccer team a presidential send-off to South Africa from the White House ahead of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. 
PRO Biden continued teaching two English reading and writing classes at NOVA in fall 2009 [REF]. 
PRO Biden said he was striving to preserve Thomas's right to privacy and the decency of the hearings [REF]. 
PRO During the summer, he trailed by almost 30 percentage points,[REF] but his energy level, his attractive young family, and his ability to connect with voters' emotions gave the surging Biden an advantage over the ready-to-retire Boggs [REF]. 
PRO During this period, Biden was satisfied that no major instances of waste or corruption had occurred,[REF] and when he completed that role in February 2011, he said that the number of fraud incidents with stimulus monies had been less than one percent [REF]. 
PRO On January 31, 2007 as Biden entered the presidential race he attacked frontrunner Hillary Clinton's plan for the War in Iraq. 
PRO In response to the criticism, U.S. Vice President, Joe Biden, a lifelong Catholic, defended NETWORK and its activism [REF]. 
PRO In addition, two freshmen were appointed to fill vacancies created by Barack Obama's and Joe Biden's resignations to become president and vice president. 
PRO Reason It's a high quality and relevent image of both Joe Biden and Barack Obama early on in their campaign with good expression and clarity. 
PRO Biden has taken a stance on sexual assault, making speeches to students, asking them to stand against assault [REF]. 
PRO Biden sought to clear up the controversy by apologizing to Obama on the same day and repeated his regret on The Daily Show that same evening: "Look, the other part of this thing that got me in trouble is using the word clean. 
PRO Is it because I'm the first Biden in a thousand generations to get a college and a graduate degree that I was smarter than the rest?[REF] . 
PRO December 30, 2012: Because Senate leaders could not produce a fiscal cliff agreement deal, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. decided to become part of the negotiations [REF]. 
PRO Biden planned to be a public advocate for the importance of community colleges and to advise the Obama administration on issues related to them [REF]. 
PRO In July 2008 Lugar and Biden introduced a plan that would give $1.5 billion in aid per year to support economic development in Pakistan [REF]. 
PRO Is it because I'm the first Biden in a thousand generations to get a college and a graduate degree that I was smarter than the rest?" . 
PRO Foreign dignitaries who attended the official service included U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, former Dutch Prime Minister Wim Kok, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, Czech Prime Minister JiÅ™Ã­ Rusnok and German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, among others [REF]. 
PRO In addition to the Vice President Biden's oversight role, a high-level advisory body, the President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board (later renamed and reconstituted as the "President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness"), was named concurrent to the passage of the act. 
PRO For example, Biden stated to a victim of sexual assault at Stanford University, "you did it.. in the hope that your strength might prevent this crime from happening to someone else. 
PRO In 2017, he was named the Benjamin Franklin Presidential Practice professor at the University of Pennsylvania, where he will focus on foreign policy, diplomacy, and national security while leading the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement [REF]. 
PRO Biden subsequently sought out women to serve on the Judiciary Committee and emphasized women's issues in the committee's legislative agenda [REF]. 
PRO In the early months of the Obama administration, Biden assumed the role of an important behind-the-scenes counselor [REF]. 
PRO However, the dynamics of the race were significantly altered when Christine O'Donnell, a considerably more conservative Republican who had been Biden's opponent in 2008, upset Castle in the Republican primary. 
PRO CORE represented a major bloc of dissent at the 2012 AFT convention, and held signs in protest of Race to the Top during a speech from Vice President Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO As chairman of the International Narcotics Control Caucus, Biden wrote the laws that created the U.S. "Drug Czar", who oversees and coordinates national drug control policy. 
PRO However, it did produce Vice Presidents Joe Biden (born 1942),[REF][REF] Dick Cheney (born 1941) and Walter Mondale (born 1928) and First Ladies Barbara Bush (born 1925), Rosalynn Carter (born 1927), and Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis (born 1929). 
PRO The event marked an opportunity for a candidate such as Biden with past foreign policy experience to gain momentum in the opinion polls with the looming Iowa Caucus less than a week away. 
PRO Speaking about the importance of Europe, Biden stated that "Europe is the cornerstone of our commitment to the world and a catalyst for global cooperation" and called the Europeans "oldest friends and closest allies" of the US [REF]. 
PRO In response to a question from Joe Biden on whether he had called the NAACP and other civil rights organizations "un-American", Sessions replied "I'm often loose with my tongue. 
PRO Romney and Ryan carried Indiana with 54.1% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 43.9%, thus winning the state's 11 electoral votes [REF]. 
PRO Romney and Ryan carried Kansas with 59.66% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 38.05%, thus winning the state's six electoral votes [REF]. 
PRO The recognition would extend further with U.S. Vice President Joe Biden telling that same day to Yatsenyuk that his interim government had the full support of the United States [REF]. 
PRO Senators William V. Roth, Jr. (R-Delaware) and Sam Nunn (D-Georgia) ordered the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations (PSI) to look into the handling of the case, and Senator Joe Biden (D-Delaware) asked the Judiciary Committee to probe the matter [REF]. 
PRO This article from last fall might shed some light: Biden played in Little League when he was a kid, and is the second Vice President to have played Little League. 
PRO Romney and Ryan won Mississippi with 55.3% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 43.8%, thus winning the state's six electoral votes [REF]. 
PRO 2010 Alam meets with United States Vice President [[Joe Biden]] and started lobbying with U.S. top administrative [REF]. 
PRO Later that month, during the final days before the country fell off the "fiscal cliff", Biden's relationship with McConnell once more proved important as the two negotiated a deal that led to the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 being passed at the start of 2013 [REF]. 
PRO Payment is due to the Treasury 30 days after the FEC issues its formal ruling and 'Biden for President' will comply with that."[REF]  . 
PRO Biden was a strong supporter of increased Amtrak funding and rail security;[REF] he hosted barbecues and an annual Christmas dinner for the Amtrak crews, and they would sometimes hold the last train of the night a few minutes so he could catch it [REF]. 
PRO As Vice President in the Obama administration, Biden oversaw the infrastructure spending aimed at counteracting the Great Recession, and U.S. policy toward Iraq up until the withdrawal of U.S. troops in 2011. 
PRO While campaigning for president in 2007, Biden said that, if elected, his top priority would be "energy security." 
PRO This reads like an attack piece, omitting Democrats like: Joe Biden, Democratic VP, rape comments (USA Today, Fox, Business Week). 
PRO "By acting disproportionately with a full scale attack on Georgia and seeking the ouster of Georgia's democratically elected President Mikheil Saakashvili, Moscow is jeopardizing its standing in Europe and the broader international community - and risking very real practical and political consequences," Biden wrote in a Financial Times op-ed. 
PRO The mainstream media portrayed the so-called "swine flu" outbreak as a serious threat, with Joe Biden going so far as to advise people against confined spaces, such as airplanes,[REF] and the World Health Organization (WHO) declaring it a pandemic in June of that year [REF]. 
PRO In 2014, the Training Partnership's program was recognized by President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden as part of the White House's initiative to invest in job training [REF]. 
PRO He maintained personal ties with stalwart liberal Democrats such as Ted Kennedy, Joe Biden and Phil Hart, even though they disagreed on many issues. 
PRO One of the most memorable moments during the debate came at the end when Biden talked about the tragedy that affected his family when his wife and daughter died and his sons were injured. 
PRO Biden stated that to prevent the spread of AIDS public servants have to communicate to "black men..[that] it is not unmanly to wear a condom, getting women to understand they can say no, getting people in the position where testing matters. 
PRO Biden sponsored a bill that would make it a felony to record internet radio,[REF] and signed a letter urging the Justice Department to prosecute file sharers [REF]. 
PRO Besides their most prominent current political figure, former Vice President Joe Biden, the party occupies all federal seats for the state in Congress and currently has majority control over the state legislative and executive branch. 
PRO At the prayer service, the Obamas and Bidens were joined in the front pew by former President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary Clinton, who was sworn in as Secretary of State later that day [REF]. 
PRO On August 18, 2011, the CNSO performed for the US Vice President Joe Biden, the Chinese Vice President Jinping Xi, and others government officials in the Great Hall of the People [REF]. 
PRO Her third nonfiction book, First in Line, covers every vice president of the modern era, from Richard Nixon to Joe Biden and Mike Pence [REF]. 
PRO In the opening segment of the December 5, 2009, episode of Saturday Night Live, Kristen Wiig portrayed Michaele as an interloper who got on stage at a Barack Obama speech in Allentown, Pennsylvania and posed for various pictures behind the President with her husband, Secret Service agents, and Vice President Joe Biden. 
PRO The same month, Secretary of State Clinton quickly disavowed Biden's remarks disparaging Russia as a power, but despite any missteps, Biden still retained Obama's confidence and was increasingly influential within the administration [REF]. 
PRO Biden cited the recent death of his son being a large drain on his emotional energy, and that "nobody has a right .. to seek that office unless they're willing to give it 110% of who they are."[REF] . 
PRO On February 9, 2012, Liebman met with Vice President of the United States Joe Biden at the White House to discuss human rights in China [REF]. 
PRO After the 2008 election loss to incumbent Democrat Joe Biden, O'Donnell had indicated she would strongly consider running for the seat again in 2010, asking supporters on her web site to "save your yard sign!!"[REF] On February 12, 2009, O'Donnell had announced her candidacy [REF]. 
PRO Delaware Governor Ruth Ann Minner announced her intention to appoint Biden's longtime aide and chief of staff Edward E. "Ted" Kaufman on November 24, 2008, and made the appointment the same day Biden resigned. 
PRO In 2009, Biden received the Golden Medal of Freedom award from Kosovo, that region's highest award, for his vocal support for their independence in the late 1990s [REF]. 
PRO During her second term, Biden continued to be involved with supporting military personnel, including staging multiple visits to the Center for the Intrepid rehabilitation facility for amputees and attending the inaugural Invictus Games in London [REF]. 
PRO He has also served as an advisor and created television advertisements for Vice President Joe Biden, T. Boone Pickens, Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm, General Wesley Clark, U.S. Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell, Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill, AT&T and others [REF]. 
PRO Later that evening, the President-elect hosted three separate bipartisan dinners to honor the service of John McCain, Colin Powell and Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO This suicide car bombing occurred as U.S. Vice-President, Joe Biden arrived in Islamabad whilst denying that the United States had imposed a war on terror on Pakistan. 
PRO Dhingra attracted endorsements from local and prominent national Democrats, including former Vice President Joe Biden, U.S. Senators Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell, Governor Jay Inslee, and King County Executive Dow Constantine [REF]. 
PRO Vice President Joe Biden, speaking at a memorial for the victims, expressed his condolences to their families and called the gunman a "perverted jihadist."[REF] 
PRO There was speculation as to whether the outgoing Governor, Ruth Ann Minner, or the incoming Governor-elect Jack Markell would make the appointment, and if Biden's son, Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden would receive the appointment. 
PRO (AAP via News Limited) Vice President of the United States Joe Biden criticizes the People's Republic of China for a recent crackdown of foreign journalists in the country. 
PRO Obama and Biden carried Maine with 55.37% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 40.33%, thus winning the state's four electoral votes [REF]. 
PRO At the ceremony for the unveiling of the Fredrick Douglass statue created by Steven Weitzman, Vice President Joe Biden took the opportunity to pay tribute to 19th-century abolitionist and to renew the call for equal voting rights for people who live in the nation's capital [REF]. 
PRO Following the debate and subsequent assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, Biden shifted focus of his campaign to the issue of relations toward the nation of Pakistan. 
PRO Biden has said, "I consider the Violence Against Women Act the single most significant legislation that I've crafted during my 35-year tenure in the Senate. 
PRO During his first years in the Senate, Biden focused on legislation regarding consumer-protection and environmental issues and called for greater accountability on the part of government [REF]. 
PRO In April 2006, Time magazine selected Lugar as one of America's 10 Best Senators [REF].Although Lugar's party was in the minority in the Senate, he had good relationships with President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden. 
PRO Obama and Biden carried Connecticut with 58.1% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 40.7%, thus winning the state's seven electoral votes [REF]. 
PRO --Cdogsimmons (talk) 23:28, 29 August 2008 (UTC) As I said before, since we put Biden up, so it was fair to include Palin. 
PRO Eland has argued that the best strategy for minimizing sectarian strife in post-Saddam Iraq is for Iraqis to peacefully partition their country along ethnic and religious lines, a view once also supported by then-Senator Joe Biden[REF] and former Ambassador Peter Galbraith [REF]. 
PRO I give you my word as a Biden, I would not have given up that job to be Barack Obama's vice president if I didn't in my gut and in my heart and in my head know that Barack Obama is exactly where I am on Israel. 
PRO Larvae of what were considered to be this species were discovered in the dead wood of Acacia koa, Alectryon, Bidens, Cheirodendron, Clermontia, Elaeocarpus bifidus, Freycinetia, Diospyros and Wikstroemia. 
PRO Among his other accomplishments, Dr. Fickenscher was awarded a Kellogg National Fellowship in 1985 by the W. K. Kellogg Foundation and served as the Health Advisor to Joe Biden's 1988 presidential campaign . 
PRO A rumor that sitting Vice President Mike Pence would appear on Marino's behalf led Hansen's campaign to ask Joseph Biden, his Democratic predecessor, a six-term Delaware U.S. Senator who had also served on New Castle County Council, if he would appear for her. 
PRO Mattera's video of Vice President Joe Biden's gained notoriety when Biden stood by his claims that "murder will continue to rise, rape will continue to rise, all crimes will continue to rise" if a Democratic Party spending bill was not passed. 
PRO Thurmond served as the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee during the hearings on the nomination of Clarence Thomas to the U.S. Supreme Court in 1991 and worked closely with Joe Biden, then the chairman. 
PRO While chairman, Biden presided over the two most contentious U.S. Supreme Court confirmation hearings in history, those for Robert Bork in 1987 and Clarence Thomas in 1991 [REF]. 
PRO Since shortly following Biden's withdrawal from the presidential race, Obama had been privately telling Biden that he was interested in finding an important place for him in a possible Obama administration [REF]. 
PRO Vice President Joe Biden and Senators John McCain and Jim Webb made special appearances, as did former GOP Vice Presidential nominee Sarah Palin and former Presidents Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and George H.W. Bush. 
PRO He called for a partnership with America in President Barack Obama's 'Moonshot' quest to cure cancer, leading to US Vice President, Joe Biden's visit to Melbourne for the opening of the billion dollar jewel in Australia's medical research crown, the Victorian Comprehensive Cancer Centre. 
PRO We had an opportunity to express our appreciation for his strong leadership in support of the U.S.-Israel relationship, and we were pleased to hear Senator Biden reaffirm his desire to maintain his close relationship with AIPAC as we work together to strengthen the special friendship between the two democracies over many years to come." 
PRO Biden has said, "I consider the Violence Against Women Act the single most significant legislation that I've crafted during my 35-year tenure in the Senate."[REF] 
PRO On their website, Biden wrote that he believed Burisma was important to the economy of Ukraine and that he would be "consulting the company on matters of transparency, corporate governance and responsibility, international expansion and other priorities" [REF]. 
PRO On March 29, 2016, Bloomberg joined Vice President Joe Biden at Johns Hopkins University to announce the creation of The Bloomberg-Kimmel Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in East Baltimore [REF]. 
PRO Romney and Ryan carried Idaho with 64.09% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 32.40%, thus winning the state's four electoral votes [REF].Romney's victory in Idaho made it his fourth strongest state in the 2012 election after Utah, Wyoming and Oklahoma[REF]. 
PRO In the past, he donated to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, the DNC Services Corp, Presidential Candidates Joe Biden and Barack Obama, Congressman John Sarbanes, Democratic Candidate for Congress Frank Kratovil, the Missouri Democratic State Committee, the Indiana Democratic Congressional Victory Committee and the Democratic Party of Colorado [REF]. 
PRO President Obama also joked about the incident in his final White House Correspondents' Association Dinner as President, in 2016, when he thanked his Vice President Joe Biden "for not shooting anybody in the face" [REF]. 
PRO At times during his campaign he believed his experience would help him win the Democratic nomination, but when Barack Obama's campaign began to surge with the candidate's emphasis on change, Biden shifted his focus from his experience in politics to his ability for action [REF]. 
PRO Biden also sponsored two bills, the Comprehensive Counter Terrorism Act (SB 266) and the Violent Crime Control Act (SB 618), both of which contained language seen as effectively banning encryption [REF]. 
PRO As the inauguration of Bill Clinton took place on January 20, the nomination crisis was reaching its final phase, with Biden telling Clinton at a luncheon following the ceremony that the next day or two would be crucial [REF]. 
PRO UltraExactZZ Claims ~ Evidence 17:10, 1 October 2008 (UTC) Keep, right now it's a plausible typo and isn't doing any harm - though obviously, should Joanna Biden ever become a bluelink then a retarget is in order. 
PRO In 1998, Congressional Quarterly named Biden one of "Twelve Who Made a Difference" for playing a lead role in several foreign policy matters, including NATO enlargement and the successful passage of bills to streamline foreign affairs agencies and punish religious persecution overseas [REF]. 
PRO Biden realized early in his senatorial career how vulnerable poorer public officials are to offers of financial contributions in exchange for policy support, and he pushed campaign finance reform measures during his first term [REF]. 
PRO Scruggs has made monetary contributions to the presidential campaigns of Joe Biden and John McCain, the Senatorial campaigns of Hillary Clinton, John Kerry, Biden, and McCain, and to numerous other candidates from both major political parties [REF]. 
PRO Following the 2008 election, Joe Biden resigned his Senate seat to become Vice President of the United States, and the Governor of Delaware appointed Biden's chief of staff, Ted Kaufman, to serve out the first two years of Biden's six year Senate term. 
PRO While attending the launch of the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement on March 30, 2017, a student asked Biden what "piece of advice" he would give to President Trump, Biden responding that the president should grow up and cease his tweeting so he could focus on the office [REF]. 
PRO On March 23, 2010, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, commenting on the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act during a live press conference, said to U.S. President Barack Obama, "This is a big fucking deal." 
PRO After lying in state in the rotunda of the State House in Columbia, his body was carried on a caisson to the First Baptist Church for services, where then-Senator Joe Biden delivered a eulogy, and later to the family burial plot in Willowbrook Cemetery in Edgefield, where he was interred [REF]. 
PRO After 20 children and six school staff were shot and killed in 2012 at Sandy Hook Elementary School, Hanlin had sent a letter to Vice President Joe Biden saying he would not enforce any new gun legislation he deemed to be unconstitutional [REF]. 
PRO McCain himself planned the funeral arrangements and selected his pallbearers for the service in Washington, including former Vice President Joe Biden, former Wisconsin Senator Russ Feingold, former Secretary of Defense William Cohen, actor Warren Beatty, and Russian dissident Vladimir Vladimirovich Kara-Murza [REF]. 
PRO Five days later, President Obama announced that he would make gun control a "central issue" of his second term,[REF] and he created a gun violence task force, to be headed by Vice President Joe Biden [REF]. 
PRO U.S. Vice President Joe Biden unveils launch of major, open-access database to advance cancer research  ACRL Board of Directors voted to rescind the Information Literacy Competency Standards  SocArXiv debuts, as SSRN acquisition comes under scrutiny  ScienceOpen smashes through the 20 million article record mark . 
PRO S.51 : Violence Against Women Act II Sponsor: Sen Biden, Joseph R., Jr. [DE] (introduced 1/19/1999) Cosponsors (46) Committees: Senate Judiciary Latest Major Action: 1/19/1999 Referred to Senate committee. 
PRO In December 2012, Biden was named by Obama to head the Gun Violence Task Force, created to address the causes of gun violence in the United States in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting [REF]. 
PRO In May 2015, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, a stalwart proponent of expanding voter access for Native Americans, transmitted to Vice President Joe Biden and Speaker of the House John Boehner a request in statutory form that the outcome sought in the Wandering Medicine litigation should be enacted into federal law. 
PRO : US vice-president Joe Biden in the early days of the Turkish offensive publicly warned YPG forces in Syria that they would lose US support if they fail to "go back across the river" (east of the Euphrates) [REF]. 
PRO A reverent crowd of the powerful and the ordinary-President Obama and Vice President Biden, laborers and store clerks, heads bowed-came to salute Buckles's deceased generation, the vanished millions of soldiers and sailors he came to symbolize in the end [REF]. 
PRO Barton's remarks were criticized by White House spokesman Robert Gibbs and Vice President Joe Biden,[REF] GOP congressional leadership[REF] as well as by Barton's fellow Republicans, some of whom called on him to relinquish his leadership role in the House Energy Subcomittee [REF]. 
PRO 4 December  During a meeting in Beijing, Vice President of the United States Joe Biden warns Chinese President Xi Jinping not to establish another air defense information zone over disputed waters in the South China Sea like the one the People's Republic of China unilaterally declared over the East China Sea in November [REF]. 
PRO The act led to further related developments in the creation of the White House Council on Women and Girls, begun in the first term, as well as the White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault, begun in January 2014 with Biden as co-chair along with Jarrett [REF]. 
PRO A Rassmussen poll taken after the convention found that Palin was a draw with Catholic voters; the poll found that 54% favor Palin and 42% find her unfavorable, a 12% difference, while Joe Biden was viewed favorably by 49% to 47% [REF]. 
PRO Palin was also a draw with Catholic voters; the poll found that 54% favor Palin and 42% find her unfavorable, a 12% difference, while Joe Biden was viewed favorable by 49% to 47% unfavorable [REF]. 
PRO A CNN poll of debate watchers found that 48% of viewers believed Ryan had done better, 44% believed Biden had done better, and 8% believed they tied or had no opinion; CNN noted that the debate audience polled was about eight percentage points more Republican than the general population [REF]. 
PRO The following are more detailed political positions of Joe Biden on an assortment of issues. 
CON .. that Biden is believed to be an eccentric frozen pink dwarf? 
CON Others said that these characterizations were unfair and that Biden had overreacted [REF]. 
CON Allegations were also leaked to the press that Biden had been guilty of plagiarism years before, in law school. 
CON This implies that Joe Biden would become both Acting President and presumably would be sworn in as Vice President as well. 
CON However, Joe Biden's spokesperson stated that Biden had only been offered one job by Obama [REF]. 
CON I created the article after I heard a commentator on CNN mention that Biden won't run for president in 2016. 
CON Scandals or personal tragedy aside, what are the chances that Joe Biden will not be on the Democratic ticket in 2012? 
CON Biden's press office subsequently issued a statement denying the bunker report, suggesting that Biden had instead been describing "an upstairs workspace" [REF]. 
CON I started thinking as I was coming over here, why is it that Joe Biden is the first in his family ever to go to a university? 
CON Copeland suggested to the Times that Biden's presence in the race along with other high-profile Democrats showed how weak their standing with voters in the state truly was [REF]. 
CON Democratic strategist Ron Parker argued in September that Biden still had a chance but just had to sell his case to the American people [REF]. 
CON This was particularly controversial since the Democratic vice presidential candidate, Sen. Joe Biden, is a native of Scranton; the Bishop confirmed that Biden would be refused Communion should he tour the region [REF]. 
CON Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen is quoted as saying that Biden's candidacy might be endangered by his "manic-obsessive running of the mouth."[REF] . 
CON ---Another Believer (Talk) 21:24, 8 August 2016 (UTC) There are some WP:GHITS, sure, but I don't think a Super PAC that Biden didn't seem to approve of has sustained notability. 
CON Erdogan denied that, and demanded Biden's apologies, which Biden conceded on 4 October: Biden phoned with Erdogan that day, and a White House spokesman said that Biden hadn't meant to imply that Turkey had intentionally supplied or facilitated ISIL or any extremist group in Syria [REF]. 
CON We obviously don't no for sure that Biden didn't make an endorsement between May 26th and June 7th but given Clinton's campaign was already considered dead by all and sundry then, it seems rather unlikely. 
CON Joseph Biden was caught up in a plagiarism scandal when Governor Dukakis took video of a Democratic debate and made a campaign hit piece showing that Biden quoted Neil Kinnock, then-leader of the British Labour Party, without attribution. 
CON In June 2015, Martin performed "Til Kingdom Come" at the funeral Mass of Beau Biden, son of United States Vice-President Joe Biden, after learning that Biden was a fan of his [REF]. 
CON The September 2007 assessments made by University of Iowa professor Bruce Gronbeck and Drake University professor Dennis Goldford displayed more merit at the end of the race after Gronbeck stated that Biden was not gaining traction in the race and with Goldford adding that "[Biden] talks like a senator, not a president". 
CON Now I myself can see a number of explanations, including of course that which there is probably no real "strategy" behind this (it is for instance not very probable that the Joe Biden incident was deliberate and calculated). 
CON In early September 2008, Haaretz quoting an un-sourced report from Israel Army Radio which stated that Biden had reportedly told Israeli officials in private that Israel "will have to reconcile itself with the nuclearization of Iran." 
CON While Biden's speech included the lines: "I started thinking as I was coming over here, why is it that Joe Biden is the first in his family ever to go to a university? 
CON In the book Kessler reports that Vice President Joe Biden enjoys skinny dipping, offending female agents, and that being assigned to his detail is considered by agents to be the second worst protective assignment in the Secret Service after being assigned to Hillary Clinton's detail.[REF] 
CON Nathan McKnight -- Aelffin (talk) 00:11, 11 January 2009 (UTC) Note - Two more reputable sources added to back up statement that Biden is unlikely to run in 2016, which brings the grand total to six seven eight solid sources plus a dozen or so blogs. 
CON But in a note to The Week, Kessler disputed Marc Ambinder's claims of inaccuracy, including Ambinder's only significant claim that Vice President Joe Biden has not spent a million dollars of taxpayer funds to take personal trips on Air Force Two back and forth between Washington and his home in Wilmington. 
CON Would that mean Biden, or would it have to be someone explicitly elected to the presidency again (we'd have to have another election)? 
CON Bloomberg News and Nine News pointed out that both Joe Biden and Dick Cheney did not take such an action while serving as Vice President [REF]. 
CON During one week in September 2008, for instance, the Pew Research Center's Project for Excellence in Journalism found that Biden was included in only five percent of the news coverage of the race, far less than for the other three candidates on the tickets [REF]. 
CON Funk's work shows that this Bidens species may represent the end of a migration from North American through the Society Islands to the Austral Islands.[7] . 
CON Other candidates commenting that "Joe is right" in the Democratic debates has been converted into a Biden campaign theme and ad [REF]. 
CON Opinion polling during the race showed that O'Donnell trailed Biden by a two-to-one margin. 
CON Is it Known for a Fact that Obama Will Pick Biden for VP Again? 
CON Bin Laden opined that U.S. Vice President Joe Biden should not be a target because "Biden is totally unprepared for that post [of president], which will lead the US into a crisis."[REF] 
CON After Federal marshals had seated the witness and placed a screen so that only Senator Biden could see him, others were readmitted. 
CON That clip of Joe Biden telling a racist joke doesn't show a lack of intelligence on his part, just a lack of political correctness. 
CON Later that month, Biden was transferred to Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia and kept for observation for several days [REF]. 
CON Nor is Biden known for modesty; journalist James Traub has written that "Biden's vanity and his regard for his own gifts seem considerable even by the rarefied standards of the U.S. Senate."[REF] . 
CON Political writer Howard Fineman has said that, "Biden is not an academic, he's not a theoretical thinker, he's a great street pol. 
CON That caption there states "Biden and Obama in Springfield, Illinois after Biden's formal introduction as the running mate." 
CON Be that as it may, it's still too early to make such supposition that Obama and Biden will be involved, or any of the other people whose names have been added since the AFD began. 
CON On November 24, 2008, Delaware Gov. Ruth Ann Minner announced that Ted Kaufman would serve as Biden's appointed replacement [REF]. 
CON Malia graduated from and Sasha attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., the same school that Chelsea Clinton, Tricia Nixon Cox, and Archibald Roosevelt attended and that the grandchildren of Vice President Joe Biden attend [REF]. 
CON CNN stated that "The [Biden] appointment caused a stir, given that it occurred around the same time that his father and the White House were engaged in diplomatic missions in the region to wean Ukraine off Russian energy sources. 
CON Then-candidate Barack Obama said in 2007 that the five-member NRC had become "captive of the industries that it regulates" and Joe Biden indicated he had absolutely no confidence in the agency [REF]. 
CON He has admitted that the chairman in the book is based on Joe Biden [REF]. 
CON He later stated that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Joe Biden "misrepresented Catholic teaching on abortion" in their respective interviews on Meet the Press [REF]. 
CON The diocese confirmed that even if elected vice president, Biden would not be allowed to speak at Catholic schools [REF]. 
CON There is value in this article to the extent that it tells the reader the date, the electoral college vote distribution (based on 2010 census) , that neither Obama nor Biden will run, and that if the Republicans win in 2012, then they are likely to be running for re-election in 2016. 
CON Obama joked that he now had "bragging rights" over Vice President Joe Biden, a Flyers fan [REF]. 
CON That might be ok for a sitting president, but the concept doesn't need to be expanded beyond that point (we don't need a Joe Biden gaffe article, for example). 
CON Publicly, Obama strategist David Axelrod said that any unexpected comments had been outweighed by Biden's high popularity ratings [REF]. 
CON In accepting Obama's offer, Biden ruled out to him the possibility of running for president again in 2016[REF] (although comments by Biden in subsequent years seemed to back off that stance, with Biden not wanting to diminish his political power by appearing uninterested in advancement) [REF]. 
CON Rubio's office says that other senators, such as then-Senator Joe Biden, have held teaching positions during their terms of office [REF]. 
CON Thomas later wrote that despite earlier private assurances from the senator, Biden's questions had been akin to a beanball [REF]. 
CON A September 18 poll found that 56% of respondents had not heard enough about Biden to form an opinion about him [REF]. 
CON Bork also contended in his best-selling[REF] book, The Tempting of America, that the brief prepared for Sen. Joe Biden, head of the Senate Judiciary Committee, "so thoroughly misrepresented a plain record that it easily qualifies as world class in the category of scurrility."[REF] . 
CON During the 2016 presidential election, when Clinton had an illness described as "pneumonia", Donna Brazile, the then DNC interim chair, considered that her ideal replacement ticket would consist of Joe Biden and Cory Booker. 
CON Nate Silver's analysis of polling after the debate led to his concluding that, though both debaters performed adequately, Biden's performance helped to slow the momentum of the Romney campaign following the first presidential debate [REF]. 
CON Regarding the possibility of swapping Biden for Clinton as his running mate, Obama told Chuck Todd of NBC News that "if they had asked me, I would have said there is no way that I am not running again with Joe Biden" [REF]. 
CON Also, it is claimed that Erdogan's wife, Emine Erdogan, did a similar request to Biden's wife, Jill Biden. 
CON A September poll conducted by Clemson University found that 36% of the public had never heard of Joe Biden and only 44% had a favorable opinion of him. 
CON In this instance, argue for me the opposite position, that an editor could remove this content from the Joe Biden article, with an edit summary of "HP is not a reliable source," and not be subject to review or challenge. 
CON An April 2-5 poll conducted by Gallup found that 38% of the public had never heard of Joe Biden and 17% had no opinion at all about him. 
CON The first step to there being a "campaign" is for a candidate to announce that they are running for the office of the presidency; Joe Biden has yet to do that. 
CON The Board concluded on December 21, 1987, after Biden had withdrawn, that the senator had not violated any rules, although Biden did not release this result until May 1989 [REF]. 
CON On October 3, 2011, Hank Williams Jr. made controversial remarks during an interview on Fox News Channel's Fox & Friends, when talking about a golf outing he went on that summer with Barack Obama, John Boehner, Joe Biden and John Kasich. 
CON And not only that, but the guy she lost to for the Vice Presidency (Joe Biden) doesn't have these types of sub-articles about him. 
CON When 2008 presidential candidate John McCain chose Sarah Palin as his running mate, Pavone said he believed that Palin was a better Catholic than Democratic vice presidential candidate Joe Biden, due to her opposition to abortion, even though Palin was raised a Protestant in the Assemblies of God church [REF]. 
CON Obama called the comments "a false political attack", and added that "George Bush knows that I have never supported engagement with terrorists," while Senator Joe Biden, Obama's running mate, said that Bush's comments were "demeaning to the presidency of the United States of America" [REF]. 
CON Endorsements really mattered in what Joe Biden would have called a "big deal". 
CON The snippet reads "Negative impressions of drinking alcohol in the Biden and Finnegan families and in the neighborhood led to Joe Biden becoming a teetotaler." 
CON However, Joe Biden's support for the trade embargo ended on December 17, 2014 when then President Barack Obama announced reestablishment of United States-Cuba relations. 
CON Biden supports federal funding for embryonic stem cell research and voted to expand development and voted against banning human cloning in 1998. 
CON We wouldn't consider U.S. vice president Joe Biden to be nonnotable just because most of his news mentions also mention the president. 
CON Alzarian16 (talk) 21:36, 21 July 2010 (UTC) Keep There would be no reason to have a Joe Biden's Health article because it is not an issue. 
CON If elected, Biden would have been the first sitting Senator and Roman Catholic to become president since John F. Kennedy, and the only President to be born during World War II (Bill Clinton was the first born after the war). 
CON Williams stated Biden appears to have violated this unwritten principle: ".. when you're trying to keep the political sector separate from the business sector, and reduce corruption, then it's not just about holding down corruption, it's also the appearance."[REF] . 
CON He is a big jerk and a dummy and he smells bad too!!!" In that case, it would be appropriate to delete the page and then redirect it to Joe Biden, because the edit history would not be worth preserving. 
CON ChildofMidnight (talk) 03:14, 29 June 2009 (UTC) Delete Coverage for calling Biden McCain was due to Biden's notability, at a public event, not Piccillo's. 
CON He criticized Vice President Joseph Biden for suggesting there was unanimity of support among economists for a stimulus package [REF]. 
CON Biden opposes capital punishment and supports the continuation of the war on drugs. 
CON But following unflattering remarks about Vice President Joe Biden and other administration officials[REF] attributed to McChrystal and his aides in a Rolling Stone article,[REF] McChrystal was recalled to Washington, D.C., where President Barack Obama accepted his resignation as commander in Afghanistan [REF]. 
CON In April 2008, when asked by then-Senator Joe Biden what could be done to improve the situation in Iraq, Rosen replied, "As a journalist, I'm uncomfortable advising an imperialist power about how to be a more efficient imperialist power. 
CON Despite a few notable endorsements, Biden failed to garner significant support in opinion polls, and was marred by controversial comments made while campaigning. 
CON Clinton conceded on May 27 so Biden made no endorsement of her. would have made more sense. 
CON It was suggested on the last FPOC run that the less directly related articles, which are people like Hilda Solis, Joe Biden, Sonia Sotomayor, etc. should not be included, so the portal focuses more on Obama and his family. 
CON Like Democratic VP candidates Lyndon B. Johnson in 1960, Lloyd Bentsen in 1988, John Edwards in 2004, and Joe Biden in 2008, Lieberman's Senate term was due to expire during the election cycle. 
CON The remark revived Biden's reputation for gaffes,[REF] and led to a spate of late-night television jokes themed on him being a loose-talking buffoon [REF]. 
CON No clear connection to Biden (it might make a difference if there was; then again it might not) - meanwhile there's almost always some big fish visiting Israel, and a Vice-president who'll be gone in less than a year is not even all that big a fish. 
CON Biden lacked a strong demographic or political group of support to help him survive the crisis [REF]. 
CON In addition, Senators Mark Pryor (D-AR), Kent Conrad (D-ND), and Joe Biden (D-DE) indicated that they did not support a filibuster [REF]. 
CON Biden believes that the decision handed down in Roe v. Wade should remain intact. 
CON In October 2010, Biden stated that Obama had asked him to remain as his running mate for the 2012 presidential election [REF]. 
CON Biden opposes drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and supports governmental funding to find new energy sources [REF]. 
CON Biden cosponsored the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006 which expressed U.S. support for a two-state solution [REF]. 
CON After Joe Biden was nominated as a vice presidential candidate in the 2008 presidential election, Bishop Joseph Francis Martino of Biden's hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania, said Biden would be refused communion in that diocese because of his support for abortion [REF]. 
CON Whereas Biden defended against Palin's criticisms of Obama, Palin tended not to offer detailed defenses against Biden's criticisms of Republican nominee John McCain and the George W. Bush administration, emphasizing instead generalizations about McCain and Palin's plans to reform the ways of Washington. 
CON Additionally, Vice President Joe Biden's performance is criticized. 
CON In September 2012 Vice President Joe Biden made a campaign stop in Ottumwa, where he spoke at the Bridgeview Center [REF]. 
CON Anybody maybe wanting to compare Biden's face to a manhole cover? 
CON Barack Obama himself made a surprise appearance after Biden's acceptance speech and praised the performances of his colleagues and his wife Michelle. 
CON American Vice-President Joe Biden made no public mention of the Chinese ADIZ following his meeting with Chinese President Xi,[REF] although elsewhere expressed concern that the Chinese move had escalated tensions in the region. 
CON I argued extensively in support of saying Biden had made himself available to the press adequately and Palin hadn't. 
CON Perhaps the biggest problem Biden faced was the fact that voters did not know about him and his candidacy. 
CON Not clear Biden was conscious at the time. 
CON Obama campaign staffers referred to Biden blunders as "Joe bombs" and kept Biden uninformed about strategy discussions, which in turn irked Biden [REF]. 
CON In accepting Obama's offer, Biden ruled out to him the possibility of running for president again in 2016 [REF]. 
CON Biden's mention could easily be removed and this could replace it. 
CON Then Democratic Party senator Joseph Biden criticized the George W. Bush Administration for condemning the targeted killings; the administration continued to oppose them [REF]. 
CON Others in the US, including the previous president Barack Obama and his vice president Joe Biden criticized the decision by the Trump administration, while various European countries that had been signatories including the UK, France, and Germany expressed regret at the decision [REF]. 
CON 3) Obama runs, but does not choose Biden as VP. 
CON Periods in "Joe" Biden, Jr. and Joe Biden Sr. can make them look like incomplete sentences to a computer algorithm. 
CON Biden made remarks during the campaign that attracted controversy. 
CON In 2012 Obama and Biden faced Mitt Romney and the Catholic Paul Ryan. 
CON Biden denied he had ever made this statement or any similar statements. 
CON In August 2008, Biden criticized Russia's military action in Georgia. 
CON Clinton conceded on June 7 so I guess Biden made no endorsement before that. 
CON Biden supported the PATRIOT Act but voted to limit wiretapping on the bill. 
CON An August 2012 remark before a mixed-race audience that proposed Republican relaxation of Wall Street regulations would "put y'all back in chains" led to a similar analysis of Biden's face-to-face campaigning abilities versus tendency to go off track [REF]. 
CON More recently, Bill Clinton's 1994 Omnibus Crime Bill, which was heavily supported by Joe Biden, expanded the federal death penalty and minimum sentencing, which has been disproportionately applied to racial minorities. 
CON Biden's most important role within the administration was to question assumptions, playing a contrarian role [REF]. 
CON WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has been called a "terrorist" by Sarah Palin and Joe Biden [REF]. 
CON Controversial comments had adversely affected the campaign of Joe Biden. 
CON While Palin offered brief criticism of Biden, she concentrated most of her criticism on Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama. 
CON If the gaffe does destroy Biden's chances, few in either party will be particularly surprised. 
CON A poll taken in Iowa, the first state in the nomination process, showed that in a hypothetical 2016 caucuses contest, Clinton would have 58 percent support, with Vice President Biden coming in next at 17 percent [REF]. 
CON (talk) 02:48, 28 March 2014 (UTC) Comment - A believe the press coverage is mostly because the discovers are calling it "Biden", rather than its significance. 
CON Biden's Republican opponent in the Senate race, conservative political commentator Christine O'Donnell, tried to make an issue of Biden's dual campaigns, claiming that serving his constituents is not important to him. 
CON Gay rights advocates seized upon the Biden stance,[REF] and within days, Obama announced that he too supported same-sex marriage, an action in part forced by Biden's unexpected remarks [REF]. 
CON International relations  Vice President of the United States Joe Biden asks Ecuador to reject an asylum request by Edward Snowden. 
CON In his book, he criticized Vice President Joe Biden for revealing that it was SEAL Team Six that killed Osama bin Laden. 
CON I ran across a link to Senator Joseph Biden, which redirected to Joe Biden, which is a redirect to Joseph R. Biden, which is a redirect to Joseph R. Biden, Jr. 
CON Biden rejected the notion outright, saying "Under no administration will I accept the job of Secretary of State". 
CON On 10 March 2010, Israel approved the construction of 1,600 apartments in the Ramat Shlomo neighborhood during a visit by US Vice President Joe Biden, sparking a diplomatic crisis between Israel and the United States [REF]. 
CON --CFIF â˜Ž â‹ 18:31, 30 October 2008 (UTC) Delete She seems to be notable only for the controversial Biden interview. 
CON In December 2017, former US Vice President Joe Biden accused Russia of helping the opposition parties Five Stars Movement and Lega Nord [REF]. 
CON In 2010, the Israeli interior ministry announced plans to build 112 new apartments during a visit by U.S. vice-president Joe Biden, leading to widespread news coverage that embarrassed the Israeli government [REF]. 
CON Senator Ted Kennedy and Governor Mario Cuomo both declined to enter the race, while the campaigns of former Senator Gary Hart and Senator Joe Biden both ended in controversy. 
CON Boggs faced off against Joe Biden, a New Castle County Councilman. 
CON This generated national controversy when Biden attempted to claim he was the author of VAWA [REF]. 
CON The update to Biden's article doesn't meet the minimum standards established at WP:ITNMP. 
CON United States Vice President Joe Biden and others called him a "terrorist" [REF]. 
CON (BBC) (RTÃ‰) (Irish Independent) (The Daily Telegraph) Vice President of the United States Joe Biden makes an error when he suggests that Cowen's mother is dead. 
CON At the risk of sounding like sour grapes, if big fucking deal isn't worth redirecting to Joe Biden, this less prominent soundbite certainly isn't. 
CON In any case, Biden would not run again for the presidency until his 2008 campaign, twenty years later. 
CON Obama and Biden proceeded to win the general election against the Republican ticket of John McCain and Sarah Palin; Biden's 1988 campaign lapses were never a significant issue in the race, and Biden invited Kinnock to the inauguration [REF]. 
CON Do these people think Biden would be an improvement? 
CON Biden lost an internal debate to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton regarding his opposition to sending 21,000 new troops to the war in Afghanistan [REF]. 
CON She was an associate at Williams & Connolly, before going to work for Biden (1991-1996). 
CON The Israeli government's announcement occurs during a visit by U.S. Vice-President Joe Biden and the U.S. government subsequently issues a strongly worded condemnation of the plan [REF]. 
CON Biden attacked McCain heavily, despite a long-standing personal friendship; he would say, "That guy I used to know, he's gone. 
CON I certainly don't agree with the premise of five hundred still frames of Joe Biden eating a sandwich with regard to wine, however. 
CON The result of the discussion was: Delete; deleted by AnomieBOTâš¡ 21:13, 22 June 2016 (UTC) File:Joseph Biden.jpg 
CON Democratic Party: Barack Obama / Joe Biden Republican Party: Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan Conservative Party: Mitt Romney / Paul Ryan  Working Families Party: Barack Obama / Joe Biden  The Independence Party of New York, despite having automatic ballot access, will not field candidates. 
CON Her awards give her notability outside of the Biden event. 
CON Palin spoke in greatest depth about energy policy while Biden spoke in greatest depth about foreign affairs. 
CON Biden has threatened to initiate impeachment proceedings against President Bush if he starts a war with Iran without Congressional approval [REF]. 
CON Jay Carney, the White House Press Secretary, when he was Joe Biden's communications director, criticized the authors for not checking directly with any of Biden's staff to verify the accounts in the book, but did not comment on the accounts themselves [REF]. 
CON He seriously considered a bid for a United States Senate seat in 1972 (eventually won by Democrat Joseph R. Biden, Jr.), but realized he faced a primary election against former U.S. Representative Harry G. Haskell, Jr. 
CON Saw a story about this, but I don't think we would have heard much about it had Biden not been in town. 
CON Are you going to help me with Biden design, or just wait to criticize what I end up doing? 
CON The other day, just to see, I took a perfectly average person whose pedigree I happened to have access to and they were related to the Bushs, Palin and Biden rather closely (closer than Bush/Obama), and related to Obama more distantly, with no McCain link at all. 
CON Senator Biden would later serve with Senators Quayle (1981-1989) and Gore (1985-1993). 
CON Nevertheless, she was heavily outspent by Biden and her campaign failed to gain traction. 
CON After Vice President Joe Biden said that the Obama administration would not release Jonathan Pollard "over my dead body", Cain publicly disagreed with Biden's stance and said that as a supporter of Israel, he personally sympathizes with Pollard. 
CON During the campaign, Palin evoked a more strongly divided response than Joe Biden among voters and was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably when compared to her opponent. 
CON Attacks in Israel are far too frequent- and this particular attack was not targeting Biden. 
CON At the time, it was also possible for a nominee to be filibustered, which would have required 60 votes to overcome (Vice President Joe Biden had no vote in such a case), as occurred during the nomination of Abe Fortas to the Supreme Court in 1968. 
CON Persons notable for accomplishments outside criminal justice  Joseph R. Biden, Jr. - Notable primarily for his political career  Lani Guiner - Notable for her scholarship in civil rights . 
CON Four days later, three leading Roman Catholic bishops, without naming Biden, call it "a counter witness" to Catholic teaching [REF]. 
CON Pundits criticized Biden's omission of the general's name; he referred to him several times only as the "commanding general in Afghanistan," until it was discovered the General's name is in fact David D. McKiernan. 
CON Tidjane was married to Annette Thiam, an African-American lawyer who used to work for Joe Biden, and they have two sons [REF]. 
CON Biden was soon barred from receiving Holy Communion by the bishop of his original hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania, because of his support for abortion rights;[REF] however, Biden did continue to receive Communion at his local Delaware parish [REF]. 
CON It took some time for the cautious Obama and the blunt, rambling Biden to work out ways of dealing with each other [REF]. 
CON Both Mutchnick and Kohan praised Biden's statement, but were critical of Obama's stance on marriage during the time between Biden's and Obama's statements [REF]. 
CON Nevertheless, Sestak struggled to overcome problems stemming from low name recognition and Specter's support from such individuals as Joe Biden and Harry Reid, and organizations like the AFL-CIO and Pennsylvania Democratic Committee. 
CON 05:50, 3 October 2008 (UTC) And yet the Obama FP we already have shows a stunning lack of Joe Biden and his first speach on the campaign. 
CON Biden voted in favor of the Defense of Marriage Act[REF] but against the Federal Marriage Amendment [REF]. 
CON if both Obama and Biden were dead, Nancy Pelosi, who is constitutionally qualified to serve as president, would be the president, with no "Acting" in the title. 
CON Maloney, however, still seemed likely to run, and a conversation with Vice President Joe Biden did not change her mind [REF]. 
CON The New York Times reports VP Biden said he had no plans to run for president in 2016, when he would be turning 74 years old, meaning he will be free to structure his operation to serve Mr. Obama's ambitions rather than his own. 
CON Vice President of the United States Joe Biden called out the success of the Compact of Mayors in promoting action against climate change during his address at the US-China Climate Leadership Summit in Los Angeles on September 15, 2015 [REF]. 
CON Biden made his statement without administration consent, and Obama and his aides were quite irked, since Obama had planned to shift position several months later, in the build-up to the party convention, and since Biden had previously counseled the president to avoid the issue lest key Catholic voters be offended [REF]. 
CON News of Biden's discharge was not made public and was not first reported until October 2014, after it was revealed to the Wall Street Journal by a Navy official who spoke to the newspaper on condition of anonymity [REF]. 
CON After his selection as a vice presidential candidate, Biden was criticized by his own Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington Bishop Michael Saltarelli for not opposing abortion [REF]. 
CON The U.S. Secret Service codename given to Biden is "Celtic", referencing his Irish roots [REF]. 
CON When Biden became Vice President and Ted Kaufman, Biden's former Chief of Staff was appointed to fill Biden's Senate seat, Connaughton went to work for Kaufman. 
CON At the Las Vegas debate Biden seemed to attack all his opponents when he stated, "I know there's more to say, Campbell. 
CON In remembrance of his wife and daughter, Biden does not work on December 18, the anniversary of the accident [REF]. 
CON Kaufman, appointed by Governor Ruth Ann Minner to fill the vacancy created by Joe Biden (who resigned to become Vice President of the United States), was not a candidate in the special election [REF]. 
CON If Obama wins in 2012 but with a different VP, or if he wins with Biden but Biden doesn't serve out his full term, or if he wins and Obama doesn't serve out his full term, there would be at minimum a replacement vice president who could stand as an incumbent. 
CON Upon Joe Biden's visit to Serbia, Bishop Artemije did not give his blessing for Biden to visit the Visoki DeÄani monastery. 
CON The attack happened while US Vice President Joe Biden was meeting with former Israeli President Shimon Peres in Tel Aviv [REF]. 
CON Biden also harshly denied a claim by the Republican Jewish Coalition (RJC) that he once attempted to cut off aid to Israel [REF]. 
CON In this capacity, Byrd was third in the line of presidential succession at the time of his death, behind Vice President Joe Biden and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. 
CON Biden was instead a leading advocate for dividing Iraq into a loose federation of three ethnic states [REF]. 
CON (talk to me) 23:34, 2 October 2008 (UTC) I think Intothewoods29 (below) had a good point: It depicts an event, rather than a face, and the teleprompter has to be there because Biden is "not entitled to look more authentic than he is" (Fletcher). 
CON Newman boarded the flight the same day, declining an offer from Vice President Joe Biden, who was touring East Asia at the same time, to take a later flight out of Seoul on Air Force Two [REF]. 
CON Biden refrained from criticizing Palin, concentrating his criticisms on McCain. 
CON During the discussions that led to the October 2013 passage of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2014, which resolved the U.S. federal government shutdown of 2013 and the U.S. debt-ceiling crisis of 2013, Biden played little role. 
CON In this debate when asked what Republican he would pick as a running mate if forced, Biden answered, "I would pick Chuck Hagel, and I'd consider asking Dick Lugar to be secretary of state." 
CON Biden rejected the idea of a Russian "sphere of influence" during his speech, stating, "We will not agree with Russia on everything," and said, "For example, the United States will not recognize Abkhazia and South Ossetia as independent states" nor will we "recognize a sphere of influence. 
CON The attacks also followed US Vice President Joe Biden's visit to meet senior Iraqi officials to urge them to form a government [REF]. 
CON The nomination was approved by a 52-48 vote in the full Senate, with Biden again opposed [REF]. 
CON The remark did much to undermine the start of Biden's campaign, and severely damaged his fund-raising ability [REF]. 
CON Bruno Bettelheim Joe Biden Tony Blair Robert Blake - 2002 homicide defendant case. 
CON During his two full terms, Joe Biden never cast a tie-breaking vote in the Senate, making him the longest serving Vice President with this distinction. 
CON Democrats could have retained a majority with 48 seats (assuming the two Independents continued to caucus with them) because the Democratic Vice President Joe Biden would become the tie-breaker. 
CON Biden has had no recurrences or effects from the aneurysms since then [REF]. 
CON The following day, after President Trump announced his withdrawal of the US from the Paris Agreement, Biden tweeted that the choice "imperils US security and our ability to own the clean energy future."[REF] 
CON Now opinion columnist Ron Williams of the Delaware News-Journal has charged that the Republicans lifted material from another source, thus allegedly using more plagiarism to make noise about Biden's supposed plagiarism. 
CON Biden received a visit at Camp Victory from his father on July 4, 2009 [REF]. 
CON However, Biden added that "I've never disagreed with AIPAC on the objective. 
CON Regarding the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), Biden defended his right to oppose some AIPAC-backed measures. 
CON Artemije wrote and published a strongly worded letter titled DeÄani and Bondsteel - first TadiÄ‡ now Biden but the Holy Assembly of Bishops of the Serbian Orthodox Church denounced the decision and publicly expressed regret that Artemije made that decision. 
CON Biden had earlier been criticized in July 2006 for a remark he made about his support among Indian Americans: "I've had a great relationship. 
CON In May 2008, Biden sharply criticized President George W. Bush for his speech to Israel's Knesset in which he suggested that some Democrats were acting in the same way some Western leaders did when they appeased Hitler in the runup to World War II. 
CON Regarding the wording, I prefer mentioning just Obama since the alternative with Biden is rather long. 
CON Biden also supported a failed resolution authorizing military action in Iraq only after the exhaustion of diplomatic efforts,[REF] Biden argued that Saddam Hussein possesses chemical and biological weapons and is seeking nuclear weapons;[REF] he subsequently voted in favor of authorizing the invasion of Iraq in 2003. 
CON Biden voted in favor of "Don't Ask Don't Tell", but more recently said that it would soon be repealed, adding that "no one asks if you're gay in a foxhole" [REF]. 
CON However, the Joe Biden article will almost certainly continue to receive heavy editing for the next, oh say four years, so I would imagine changes to the article will probably end up changing the snippet text Google chooses to display, Real Soon Now in all probability. 
CON During the 2008 presidential election, Morlino criticized House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Joe Biden for their remarks regarding abortion on Meet the Press. 
CON On August 23, 2008, following U.S. Senator and presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama's announcement of his selection of Senator Joe Biden as a running mate, Fournier wrote a widely circulated piece titled "Analysis: Biden pick shows lack of confidence" [REF]. 
CON According to an AP report, he had agreed to discuss Catholic teaching with Biden, but never mentioned the issue of the reception of Communion. 
CON Recipients include Miriam Adelson, Joseph Biden, Abba Eban, Justice Arthur Goldberg, Ronald Lauder, Natan Sharansky, Simon Wiesenthal, Elizabeth Taylor, Mortimer Zuckerman,[REF] Raanan Gissin and Frank Gaffney [REF]. 
CON Both Cheney and Biden were chosen for their experience in national politics (experience lacked by both Bush and Obama) rather than the ideological balance or electoral vote advantage they would provide. 
CON Also, during a hearing on April 24, 2008 on national security reform held by Joe Biden, former United States Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage praised Walsh's unique approach to public diplomacy through basketball:[REF] You know the most effective public diplomacy I've seen? 
CON He then returned to the EPI, as senior economist and director of the Living Standards Program, until he was selected by Biden. 
CON A large United Nations exhibit includes this quotation from Vice President Joe Biden: "Just as only Nixon could go to China, only Helms could fix the U.N.", a reference to Helms' reform initiatives regarding the world body [REF]. 
CON Past speakers include: George H.W. Bush, Joseph Biden, Stephen Hadley, Madeleine Albright, Condoleezza Rice, Robert Gates, Wesley Clark, Charles Krauthammer, Sheryl Sandberg and Hillary Clinton. 
CON In October 2014 during a visit to the U.S. Ya'alon met with his counterpart, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, but was denied requests to meet with Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry [REF]. 
CON Army Chief of Staff Raymond Odierno presented Biden with the Legion of Merit for his service in the Delaware National Guard, stating "Beau Biden possessed the traits I have witnessed in only the greatest leaders." 
CON But otherwise, Biden said he would not model his vice presidency on any of the ones before him, but instead would seek to provide advice and counsel on every critical decision Obama would make [REF]. 
CON Romney and Ryan carried Arkansas with 60.57% of the popular vote to Obama's and Biden's 36.88% of the vote, winning the state's six electoral votes [REF]. 
CON Biden then took the lead in trying to sell the agreement to a reluctant Democratic caucus in Congress,[REF][REF] which was passed as the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010. 
CON Hochstein and Biden worked together on the Caribbean Energy Security Initiative, Central America Energy Security Task Force, Cyprus and East Mediterranean, as well as securing Ukraine and Europe from Russian energy dominance. 
CON Among authors of other letters to Reid on this subject were Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Joseph Biden, Russ Feingold and Barbara Boxer [REF]. 
CON Otherwise, Biden said he would not model his vice presidency on any of the ones before him, but instead would seek to provide advice and counsel on every critical decision Obama would make [REF]. 
CON In 1991, during Clarence Thomas' Supreme Court Justice confirmation hearings, Senator Joe Biden, "in a dramatic movement," held the book up and "repeatedly interrogated" Thomas regarding his position on the book's thesis. 
CON (t/c/bio/WP:CHICAGO/WP:LOTM) 23:38, 14 February 2009 (UTC) Current refs 181 (Obama's victory..) and 182 (Obama, Biden..) are lacking last access dates. 
CON Neilia Hunter Biden, the wife of U.S. Senator-elect (and future U.S. Vice-President) Joe Biden was killed in a traffic accident, along with the couple's 13-month-old daughter, Naomi. 
CON David Wade, a Biden spokesman, stated that "This is a lie peddled by partisan opponents of Senators Obama and Biden and we will not tolerate anyone questioning Senator Biden's 35-year record of standing up for the security of Israel." 
CON Biden, who went on to serve as Obama's vice president, has since revised his position on Obama's readiness, but his quotes from the 2008 Democratic Debates were used in campaign ads for John McCain [REF]. 
CON Obama and Biden carried Colorado with 51.5% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 46.1%, thus winning the state's 9 electoral votes [REF]. 
CON Because of his early withdrawal, Biden did not participate in the 1988 caucuses and primaries, in which Governor Michael Dukakis defeated Jesse Jackson, Senators Al Gore and Paul Simon, and other longer-standing contenders [REF]. 
CON Regarding Barack Obama's stance on Israel, Biden stated that "I guarantee you, I would not have joined Barack Obama as his vice president if I had any doubt, even the slightest doubt, that he shares the same commitment to Israel I share." 
CON In December 2008, Steve Ankeny and Bill Kruse filed a "Petition for Extraordinary Writ of Prohibition" against the Governor of Indiana to block "any popular votes for Barack Obama and Joe Biden for the appointment as Chief Electors [sic]." 
CON Galbraith denied he had pursued the plan and both Vice President Joe Biden and Special Representative Richard Holbrooke, two close Galbraith allies, confirmed that the matter had never been raised with them [REF]. 
CON On January 12, 2017, Obama surprised Biden by awarding him the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction during a farewell press conference at the White House honoring Biden and his wife. 
CON June 21, during a speech at a Democratic National Committee LGBT gala in New York City, in reference to President Trump's campaign promise to protect the LGBT community, Biden said, "Hold President Trump accountable for his pledge to be your friend."[REF] 
CON It was quoted by Senator Joe Biden during the Senate hearings for then-U.S. Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito, as Biden "pressed Alito to denounce John Yoo's controversial defense of presidential initiative in taking the nation to war" [REF]. 
CON On September 9, two days before the Iraq commanding General David Petraeus addressed the Senate, Biden stated that, "I really respect him, and I think he's dead flat wrong [about the War in Iraq]". 
CON Keep in mind that for people like John Roberts (or any other member of the Catholic two-thirds majority in the US Supreme Court), John Kerry, Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush and John Boehner the pope is the highest religious authority. 
CON While appearing at the Concordia Europe Summit in Athens, Greece on June 7, Biden said, referring to the Paris Agreement, "The vast majority of the American people do not agree with the decision the president made."[REF] . 
CON Under instructions from the Obama campaign, Biden kept his speeches succinct and tried to avoid off-hand remarks, such as one about Obama's being tested by a foreign power soon after taking office, which had attracted negative attention [REF]. 
CON Obama and Biden won Massachusetts with 60.7% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 37.5%, thus winning the state's eleven electoral votes, despite the fact that Massachusetts is Romney's home state and he had been Governor of the state from 2003 to 2007 [REF]. 
